Catacombs! V2.0Here is the second edition of Catacombs.  I have added 5 more levels.  Level 2-1 is just level 1-4, the original.  Try it for kicks.  Make sure you have the sound on when you do.It is kinda funny when you enter the room with all the guys in it.  Don't be afraid to cheat on this level.  I don't think you can finish it any other way.The other levels are doable.  I tried not to make it just a brute force slug fest.I tired to debug these levels as much as possible, however it is always possible to overlook something.  so any bug reports would be very much appreciated.  I would also appreciate any constructive criticism and comments.  I would like feedback sothat I may improve my level making.  Please send all comments to:tvtaylor@mtu.edu.Thank you in advance and good gaming.....the storyGood ol' BJ made it out of Wolfenstein thanks to you.  The past two weeks have been hell.  You've slept in barns, eaten horse food, and tried to avoid the constant Nazi patrols out looking for you.  You head for France, so that you can seek safety in thefriendly arms of the French underground.  Once in France, and amongst your friends in the underground, you are reunited with your partner and best friend Ben Adict Arnold.  Shortly after you and he are united, the SS storms the French Underground's hideout.  Everyone is slaughtered except for you and Ben.  As you are carted away in chains, you see your "friend" as he gets into a german staff car ( a "thing" for you car buffs).  As the SS officer pours him a drink, you and Ben lock gazes.  Ben looks away after a moment in shame.  It is then that you vow vengenace at this outrage.  But then.......Coming to, you feel a dull pain in the back of your neck.  As the groginess leaves your head, the rest of your body starts complaining.  You are tired, stiff, and you can't see a thing.  It is then that a shaft of light comes down through the ceiling?  You see that the cell is no more than 4'x4'x4'.  The guard looks into the cell and makes the mistake of trying to poke you with his gun.  You grab the gun... then his neck...snap.  You manage to get his keys and you are out.  But, the walls are slimy, and the atmosphere is dank and gloomy....Where are you?					the CATACOMBS