BREAKTHROUGH 2: HIDEAWAY-----Thanks for supporting B2!  You'll find that the meager sum you spent will provide hours of fun!Please read this entire file before playing.  You'll pick up a few hints and tips on how to begin your search for all 56 levels!-----THE STORYYou took your chaingun and sent the Party of Five to that wonderful place "down under."  You remember it well... how that very last rocket practically shattered Adolf Hitler's already broken body... how great it felt to save the world.  Again.You had already packed your bags to take a well-deserved vacation.  Then you got a call from the President.  Seems your work wasn't finished after all.The Party has been destroyed, but many of its underlings still remained at large.  You were given the location of a huge underground hideaway, the last known Nazi base.  Your mission: to destroy all remaining Nazis, their propaganda, and whatever else that could possibly be down there.On a rainy night, you descend into the hideaway, armed with only a pistol.  It's time for another Breakthrough!-----CHANGES SINCE THE FIRST BREAKTHROUGHThe first thing you'll notice is the new look.  B2's art is all new!  Except for the look of the enemies, elevators, props and locked doors, just about everything else has been changed.  No more of that same boring gray stone wall!!Other major changes are as follows:- Enemy clones.  Starting around Zone 5, you'll find what seems to be an enemy; but in reality, it's only a statue.  These "statues" were put in the game to confuse you and waste your ammunition!- Invisible walls.  If it looks like you can't get where you want to go due to some kind of force, you're pushing against an invisible wall!- Multiple paths.  By far, the biggest change in B2.  When you see a sign saying, "Select Route," (or sometimes, even when you don't) there will be two exits on the current floor.  Each exit will take you to a DIFFERENT floor!- Nazis hear through walls.  Sometimes, when you attack a Nazi in one room, others will "hear" and attack from other rooms!- Quarter blocks.  These aren't used often but give some walls a "jagged" look.-----AN OVERVIEWMultiple paths add a huge amount of depth to B2 because you can't access all of the levels each time you play.  A player will see 24-34 of the levels during one game of B2, leaving a good portion of them for the next game!There are many secret levels hidden throughout the game!  Look for them!Finally, there is an entire secret zone!  Zone 9 consists of four levels intended for the Wolf expert!  Not for the squeamish, these levels will have even masters running for cover!-----GETTING STARTEDTo play Breakthrough 2: Hideaway:IF YOU'RE USING WOLFENSTEIN 3Dª FIRST ENCOUNTER OR WOLFENSTEIN 3D SECOND ENCOUNTER:-----1) Install the WolfFKEY (be sure to read its instructions before use).  You only need to install it ONCE.2) Double-click your Wolf application.3) Activate the WolfFKEY (read the instructions if you don't know how).4) In the dialog that appears, find the B2 file and Open it.5) Begin a new game.IF YOU'RE USING WOLFENSTEIN 3Dª THIRD ENCOUNTER/COMMERCIAL VERSION:-----1) Drop the B2 file into your "Levels" folder.2) Double-click your Wolf application.3) Begin a new game.4) Select "Breakthrough 2: Hideaway" from the list of levels.-----HINTS ON FINDING SECRETSHere are some places where you might find secrets:1) Where a ceiling light is, but seems out of place.2) where a different type of wall is, but shouldn't be.3) Where a flag or sign is on the wall.4) Opposite any of the above.5) Where a row of lights or objects points.The rest are up to you!  In addition, you may be presented with a puzzle from time to time.  Solve it and you could be on your way to a secret level!  Some secrets have no hints, especially in Zone 9!-----GENERAL HINTS- Use your Map!  Press / to use it.  It helps in a maze, if you're lost, or if you come upon a formation of blocks that looks like it might spell out something....- Shoot before you enter a room.  It doesn't always work, but you could save your life.- Enter a small room carefully.  There might be enemies waiting right by the door!- Save your game often.- When fighting a boss, try to stay as far away as possible.  If you're far enough away, he won't be able to fire.-----THE LEVELSSeveral levels have themes.  In a game of B2 you will play one level of each theme.  Here they are:1.  Corridor Hell. (3-2, 3-5)  Lots of simple, rectangular rooms, linked together to form a kind of maze.Hints:- Watch for Nazis along the walls as you enter a new corridor.- Back up as you fight, but watch for the wall.2.  Door Death. (3-4, 3-6)  Veteran RTW/Breakthrough players will find this familiar.  The first room you enter is the center of the level, and it contains about a dozen doors.Hints:- When fighting in the main room, hug the walls.  This will give you the maximum amount of room to fight.- Expect a boss behind every door, so that you're not surprised if you find one.3. Hallway of Death.  (4-3, 4-4, 4-7, 4-8)  Vets will recognize this too.  The object is simply to reach the end of the hallway.  That's the hard part, though!Hints:- Check in every door before continuing to the next section of the hallway.  If you don't, you might miss a key.- One of the levels has multiple hallways.4. Tunnel Run.  (5-5, 5-6)  Thin tunnels make up this level.Hints:- It's actually very easy to combat a boss in a tiny tunnel.  Just back up as you fight and disappear around a corner when he's about to fire.  This also works against many enemies.- Whenever you see a light in a thin tunnel, check for a secret door adjacent to it.  This works throughout the game as well.5. Jumbo Maze.  (6-2, 6-5)  The level is, in essence, a maze.  It isn't a tiny, crowded maze, though, like some others in the game.  Overall, though, there are far less mazes in B2 than in the original!  Yes!Hints:- Back around corners often.  It keeps the enemies guessing.- Don't wait around; the Nazis come looking for you!  If you're quick, you can catch them all in one general area.6. Send In The Clones.  (6-3, 6-6)  Most of this level is spent guessing which enemies are real and which aren't--but you have to shoot the real ones before they kill you off!Hints:- The fakes have one pose.  Look for a different pose, THEN shoot.- If you can't find your attacker, look at your face in the status bar.7. Command Center.  (7-1, 8-1)  Find one key in each side section, then escape through the middle.  You'll see what I mean.Hints:- Anything you've encountered thus far can be used against you now.  Watch out!- Don't be concerned with finding the secret zone here; it's not accessible from a Command Center.-----THE ENDINGSThere are five Ending levels.  Three can be found without any secrets; their locations are 7-4, 8-3, and 8-4.  The other two are secrets, and one resides within the secret zone!!  There is only one exit in each Ending level.-----NUMBER NINEThe Secret Zone is accessible through either Zone 7 or 8--but I'm not going to tell you which one.  I will, however, hint that you will find a clue in 6-1.  Use your map.-----MUSICI'm really bored of the First Encounter music.  Turn it off during game play.  I find that the game simply feels better without the cheesy music.  (The frame rate also improves slightly.)If you like music with your game (as I do) take these suggestions:1) If your Mac has a CD-ROM drive, play your favorite CD.  Hard rock and metal go really well with B2 (IMHO), but your favorite CD will probably do just fine.2) If you have a fast Mac, use a MOD player.  For those who don't already know, MODs are portable music files, taking up much less space than 'snd's or WAVs.  Only do this if you have a fast Mac, though (or Wolfenzoom) because it reduces the frame rate.  Want some good MODs?  E-mail me.3) If you have a PC card with its own RAM, use music from DOOM, DOOM II, Rise of the Triad, Descent, or any other popular 3d game.  To switch music in DOOM use the idmus## code.  In ROTT type DIPSTICK to enable cheats, then GOTO to select a level.  Descent: type GABBAGABBAHEY to enable cheats, then FARMERJOE to warp levels.4) Use your imagination!-----WHAT'S NEXTFind the last boss clone in 9-4 and use your imagination.  I used mine, and Alien Takeover is the result!  Watch for a pre-Alpha demo!-----BUGSB2 is bug-free, to the best of my knowledge.  If you do find a bug, however, please let me know about it so it can be fixed.  You'll get a free copy of either the original Breakthrough or RTW, my first Second Encounter scenario!-----THANKSThanks for reading this, and for playing B2.  If you want to get in touch with me for any reason, here's how:e-mail: yyr57695 (@aol.com)snail mail:Aaron Teplitsky174 Dahlia DriveMahopac, NY  10541I encourage your comments and suggestions for Alien Takeover.  I also encourage you to send your own levels if you want a critique or if you want them to appear in WolfAddict games!Have Fun!AJT