Why Kids Go Bad! Demoformerly called "Tettsunstein"(6 levels for the 3rd Encounter)Some StuffThis scenario was made to entertain some of the kids I teach. All the human like characters have models among the kids. The yellow dog is actually me, Clubey! :) "Tettsun" is the nickname for the hero. That's why the scenario was originally called "Tettsunstein".StoryYou're Tettsun.The two things you crave for in this world are chocolate and cakes.One day, an unknown enemy appears and challenges your welfare.Of all the evil things that he could have done, he took away all the sweets in this world!Can you believe this!?Grinch stole Christmas, and the King in Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang deprived kids of toys, but your enemy has taken away your chocolate and cakes! How unforgivably despicable!!! Now, what are we to do on Easter and Valentine's?The world is counting on you Tettsun, to seek and destroy this mysterious enemy, before every kid on Earth loses their cavaties and costs dentists their jobs!The path will not be easy. The enemy has prepared the worst platoon of goons to fight you. They've cloned YOU to protect the hidden sweets! Who else would be suitable? You would die fighting than give a piece of chocolate to an enemy, wouldn't you?How to get the Full VersionWell, the full version is almost finished. Write me mail that you liked the demo. Or write me what you didn't like about it. In either case, your feedback will inspire me to continue my work. When I'm finished with the full version,  I'll send you people mail telling where I uploaded it. Fair deal isn't it?CopyrightsPlease do not modify any aspect of this game or borrow any of the graphics until the full version is out. You will be able to know whether the full version has been completed or not at my website.This scenario is free of use, but may not be distributed under any circumstances without prior written consent of the author, Clubey (but if you ask, I surely will say, "Yes"). This restriction will automatically expire when my site, "The Wolfenmania Chronicle", disappears from the web and does not reappear for more than 6 months. After that distribution will be free, but I will still hold authoring rights to this scenario. That means just give me credit!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS