Adlerhorst Pilotby Christian Vinaa (para-vin)(3 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Christian Vinaa, a Wolfenstein VIP of the past. It is very difficult to find scenarios by these first generation authors these days because all the veterans have long but left the scene. Christian Vinaa's scenarios are also very hard to find.Story(copy from the author's original.)In December 1944 Nazi-Germany was virtually beaten. The invasion, beginning June 6 atthe Normandy beaches, of France and "Festung Europa" as Nazi-Germany called the occupied European countries, the following operation Market-Garden (also known as "A Bridge Too Far) that liberated most of The Netherlands and Belgium, and the success at Monte Cassino in Italy, meant that the Allied Forces in the beginning of December 1944 was very close to invading Germany itself.Hitler, on the other hand had prepared a counterattack. Unknown to Allied Intelligence Hitler succeeded in assembling and launching a massive attack on the Allied frontline in the Ardenner-forests in Belgium and Luxembourg.An elite panzer-division equipted with a brandnew version of the infamous Tiger tank, the King Tiger or in German: Kšnigstiger, was to spearhead the attack.This attack and the allied counterattack is today known as: 																						The Battle of The Bulge.From Hitler's western Army Headquarters the German generals monitored the battle. Hitler had 2 headquarters. One, in Preussia, that took care of the Russian Front, was called WOLFSCHANZE. The other, in south-west Germany, that took care of the Western Front was called:																											Adlerhorst.For Allied Intelligence getting a man inside, and then out of, Adlerhorst, was very important.So they picked their best counter-espionage man; You, Sergent J.J. Malkowich.Your orders are simple: Get into Adlerhorst, get the secret plans for the German attack, and get out of Adlerhorst and back to the Allied lines with the plans. If you survive, that's an extra bonus; for you.You know that Adlerhorst will be very heavely guarded, so the only way in, will be to disguise yourself as a german soldier.Fortunately, lately quite a few germans have surrendered, so you can have almost any uniform you want; and a uniform without bullet-holes !Late on the night between December 13 and December 14  1944 you sneaked across the frontline and managed to get a ride with a supply truck in the direction of Adlerhorst.On a deserted part of the road you killed the driver, and equipted with a genuine pass you drove towards Adlerhorst.Luckily for you the truck was full of C-rations, and you had no problem getting through the first 2 outer check-points.In fact you succeeded in driving right up to the Adlerhorst bunker. But Adlerhorst is quite a vaste complex and, driving a supply truck, you were directed to the basement section, where supplies are stored.You realize that this is better than nothing, but the basement is quite a long way from the officers quarters, where the secret plans undoubtedly are kept.Backing the truck up to the nearest gate, you get out and begin to help the guards there onloading the truck.Suddenly a guard questions you about your outfit, and you can tell he begins to smell a rat."Also, Hauptman Braun ist ja ein Dumpkopf. Kennst Du nicht Hauptman Braun ? ? ? ?Neeeeiiiiiiin, nicht schie........."CopyrightsThe author writes :------------------------------------------------------------------Adlerhorst" must be distributed as a folder containing:1) The game extension. 2) The READ ME file (this text).   3) The Story So Far. (Text File)If U play the game, you agree that no claims what-so-ever (and I mean that) can be made to me regarding what-ever. If you crash your hard-disk, and all info there gets lost, it's your own fault.------------------------------------------------------------------Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS