The Underground Tunnelsby Dustin Hein(10 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Dustin Hein. I know nothing about this author besides that he has created, "The Underground Tunnels".Any information concerning Dustin Hein and this person's scenarios will be very much welcome at:clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jpStoryYou have been captured and put in a maximum security prison. During a riot the cell doors are unlocked and the prisoners escape, but most of them are killed instantly. You race down a corridor and sneak up on an unsuspecting guard. You snap his neck and take his pistol. After everything is settled down one of the S.S Troopers notices one of the prisoners is missing. Now every nazi in the building is hot on your trail, and it won't be too long before you are found, all they have to do is follow the trail of dead bodies..Meanwhile deep inside the castle the evil Dr. Schabbs is working on making Hitler the ultimate killing machine.But be careful, Dr. Schabbs' super soldiers are all around the place...You must not let Dr. Schabbs finish his machine or the world will be in the palm of the Fuhrer's hand...CopyrightsSince this is not my creation, and since the author writes nothing about it, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario. I presume that if you give proper credit to the author, you're pretty much free to do anything with it. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS