Pussenbootzenstein Demo(4 levels for the 1st Encounter and above)Some StuffThis scenario is one of my newest projects on the go. Though I have included only a limited array of custom graphics, I believe you'll get the feel of it. I've already made a whole lot more of custom graphics and sprites for future update. I haven't made up a complete storyline yet, but quite obviously, I got my inspiration from the classic fairy tale "Puss in Boots". I've always loved this german marchen which was made into the famous play. Speaking of the play, there once was a musical movie made from it, and guess who starred? Matthew Broderick was the young hero and the dancing'n singing magical "Puss" was, who else but Christopher Walken. Neither the original tale nor the movie has nothing to do with the content of this scenario, but I just kind of liked them, so I used its "sound" in the title.Other things that have influenced me to make a "Kitty" scenario were all Japanese in material, so I don't think most of you readers will be familiar with them. For all interests, I'll reveal them to you.1) A short story by a renown poet, Sakutaro Hagiwara, titled "Neko-machi", meaning "Cat Town".2) A short stories by a renown poet and writer Kenji Miyazawa, titled "Chumon no Ooi Ryoriten" (A Restaurant with Many Orders), "Donguri to Yamaneko" (The Acorn and the Wildcat", and some others.Whether this scenario will be concluded or finished depends on your response. Send me mail telling what you thought of it, good or bad. New ideas and suggestions will be welcome; some may even get reflected in the full version. StoryI'll make one when the full version comes along. There is one already in my head!CopyrightsThis scenario is free of use, but may not be distributed under any circumstances without prior written consent of the author, Clubey (but if you ask, I surely will say, "Yes"). This restriction will automatically expire when my site, "The Wolfenmania Chronicle", disappears from the web and does not reappear for more than 6 months. After that, distribution will be free, but I will still hold authoring rights to this scenario. That means just give me credit!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS