Afrika Korps AssaultAn Egyptian EncounterA Wolfenstein 3D AdventureCopyright © Christmas 2002 by Ian BrownStorylineTransmission ... 0453TC3882DAK; 5/11/1943Destination ... Hammamet, North AfricaMission ... Capture - or kill - the key Afrika Korps commander, Horst von Oppenfeld. This young officer, in charge of the 10th Panzer Division, is rapidly rising through the ranks of the German forces. Intelligence reports - the freshest we have - indicate that von Oppenfeld has been promoted to Hauptmann today (5/11/1943) and assigned a major role in blocking the Allied advance. Apparently he is holed up in Hammamet, south east of Tunis. He cannot be allowed to succeed. B.J., you have 24 hours to locate and capture - or destroy.Best of luck ... and make sure you dust your weaponry! N.B. The famous Deutsches Afrika Korps (DAK) were a group of German armies dispatched to North Africa during 1941-43 and commanded by Field Marshal Erwin Rommel. Their primary purpose was to stop the Allied forces using North Africa as a launching pad for an invasion through southern Europe.Walkthrough, Part OneLEVEL 1-1A compact level to get you into the groove. Only 65 defenders of this space - but you'll have to take them all out with a pistol!LEVEL 1-2Another threescore or so guards to get past. Just be careful which doors you open - some are better left closed! "Where have those machine guns gone?!"LEVEL 1-3With the light machine gun tossed at you from the start of this level, you know there's going to be some action. Quite a bit actually, as this level boasts the full complement of enemies.LEVEL 1-4Double doors should spring a little surprise - and the bosses are definitely swelling in size. Be careful ... similar corridors spawn different enemies.LEVEL 1-5The end panel comes into view close to the start of this level. Don't be getting too excited ... there are scores of guards to wriggle past before you eventually get to press it!LEVEL 1-6You're now in the depths of the Egyptian experience: pillars aplenty - and those guards are shooting from every angle! You'll face some stiff resistance in grabbing the blue key!LEVEL 2-1A distinctly 'mazey' feel to this one! Walkthrough, Part TwoLEVEL 2-2Plenty of metal walls in this one ... those underground tunnels must need reinforcement! Guess what creatures may be down there?LEVEL 2-3The room with lots of pillars is the most taxing here ... navigate it successfully and the rest is pretty much par for the course!LEVEL 2-4A short level, but with 4/5 of a life tied up in treasures ... .LEVEL 2-5Getting the Gatling gun near the start of this level is a must!LEVEL 2-6You never quite know what you're going to come face to face with in these tombs of the Pharaohs ... looks like you'll be needing all the available ammo. Stacks of skulls dotted around this level ... don't add to the collection!LEVEL 3-1The shortest level (?) ... and a guest appearance!LEVEL 3-2There's so much water around, I hope that key's not rusted!LEVEL 3-3As soon as the curtain raises you'll need to move fast and get some cover! Get through that little bunch and a squad of canines are on top of you.Walkthrough, Part ThreeLEVEL 3-4Eventually you've got that rocket beauty resting on your shoulder ... and be sure it hasn't been provided for sheer decoration! LEVEL 3-5Flying, fiery candlesticks may be dangerous!LEVEL 3-6Getting the gold key is vital to explore this level ... and when you open the first door, things really hot up. Strange breed of dog, don't you think?! That tiny table might be worth pushing around.LEVEL 4-1Grabbing the blue key could be quite a traumatic experience.LEVEL 4-2You'll be looking for a whole series of secret passages in this one to act as a bypass en route to the lift.LEVEL 4-3You'll get the impression you've just walked in on a desert conference ... .LEVEL 4-4Uniformless 'Mr. Skelly' makes another uninvited appearance on this level ... thankfully his nipper friend does not!LEVEL 4-5If you've lost that rocket launcher, here's your chance to pick it up again, though you'll not be able to do that until near the end.And that sound ... now where have I heard that before? Machinery in the North African desert?Walkthrough, Part FourLEVEL 4-6Another sweat in the sand level. Final stages of this obstacle course in the desert should see you celebrating. Just don't try to cook those scorpions ... they're pretty stubborn, if not totally lethal! And as for what to do with Horst Von Oppenfeld? ... Over to you!You know what you need to do to get "Victory!" up on your screen.Remember ... the success of the Allied advance rests on your shoulders! Defeat the DAK!Installation & Operating RequirementsDrag Afrika Korps Assault into the "Levels" folder. Open Wolfenstein 3D. You'll see a list of scenarios. Select Afrika Korps Assault from the list, and click OK.... You're in business!!Note ...Afrika Korps Assault requires Wolfenstein 3D Full Version.If you don't have Wolfenstein 3D, you may like to make enquiries from one of Wolfenstein's chief advocates, Josh Mills ... e-mail: copperfield@worldnet.att.netAfrika Korps Assault requires a sizeable chunk of memory to run. I recommend at least 5 MB of memory.Distribution & UseAfrika Korps Assault is FREEWARE ... i.e. you don't have to pay a dime for the pleasure (?) of wading through these levels. What I do ask is that if you edit Afrika Korps Assault and choose to upload it, please tell me about it and credit me with the original concept/design.GraphicsI've no problem with you 'borrowing' any graphics I have been responsible for.  Many of my wall and object graphics are custom made.Special thanks must go to Clubey for his excellent work in converting Barnacle Wilheim and General Fettgesicht (who I'm using as Horst von Oppenfeld in my scenario) from PC graphics, and also for his wooden pillar and flower pot ... and ... apologies if I have left anyone else out! CirculatingPlease send Afrika Korps Assault in its entirety to every corner of the internet.  It may just do something to keep Wolfenstein 3D chugging along.  Fact is, there are lots of people who still play this great game.  Put this scenario on DVDs, CDs, Zips, or the plain old floppies - whatever. Just keep the original documentation with it.Statistics & What's Next By the time the glorious salute "Victory!" comes up on your screen, the blood of practically 2400 enemies will have seeped into the sandy floor of the North African desert.  You'll have picked up almost 500 treasures in the process - enough to give you more than a few extra lives. So ... really ... you can't fail!Next Off The Production Line ...Currently, I'm preparing graphics and designing levels for several new scenarios:the sequel to a former scenario, Hitler's Chalet (The Castle ... 18 levels of firefight as you make your way towards Hitler);the sequel to this scenario - using the North African theme again!and a longer term project - based on the underground hospital located on the island of Jersey, occupied by German forces during WWII.ContactDo contact me with your comments at: ian.brown@sparticus.netYour mail is much appreciated.