Wolfenstein LevelsThese are my first attempts at levels for Wolfenstein 3D. I hope you like them, and that they give you as much adrenaline as they give me. Now for those who don't read read-me's:Warning: These levels are not easy. You might want to try them on babyface level first.General Notes.I made these levels with WolfEdit 1.0, by Greg Ewing (greg@cosc.canterbury.ac.nz). Greg, thanks for a great program. Also thanks to the great folks at MacPlay, for doing such a nice port of the game, and to iD Software for making  the original Wolfenstein 3D.  Currently, you need WolfEdit to install the files into Wolfenstein. I will probably make a small drag-'n-drop utility to do that, so you can distribute levels to everyone without having to teach them yet another program.I haven't yet taken the time to look at any other levels yet by other people, so I don't know what you think is hard, or what is a real Killer. Reading the News & WWW however, has given me the inspiration to do several things with the elevators; I already thought of some tricks but didn't dare to do them for fear it would be too confusing. Upon hearing others done it too, I lifted my restrictions, and the result is, uummhh, a little bizar ?  At Least !Please send me your experiences with these levels. I don't have anybody who can playtest them for me, since my brother decidly dislikes this game (but he likes DOOM, and any other shoot-em-up), and most of my friends have either PC's or incapable Mac's. Since I know all the secrets and scary places, I can't really do this myself and as a result some levels may be too tight on ammo or have to much of it, etc. Please tell me all about it. But please remember one thing: they were never meant to be easy! I wanted to get a kick out of them after the First Encounter got boring.  (No, I haven't ordered the Second Encounter yet, but I will sure do so now that we have WolfEdit!)Anyway, you can reach me at: tnleeuw@cs.vu.nlVersion History:- 0.9ß		First public release.- 1.0		Levels have been debugged with WolfEdit v1.1, and should no longer suffer from flickering. Some rooms have been split behind secret doors, other rooms might have a changed layout. In general, there are less badguys and less ammo. Despite my promises not to change the big maze, I have juiced it up a little with a few more objects, guards, and pictures on the walls. Most of the secret doors are now marked with a fancy wall.Description of the levels.The levels come in three sets. The first is called — what else — “My First Level” . The second set is “They're Everywhere!” The last set is different from the rest, and only for the experienced maze-wanderers.“My First Level”How this level got it's name is obvious. It is only a one-floor set. Because it is quite violent, I added ‘Rambo’ in parentheses. Not very original. I find the level rather good for a first attempt.  You will probably like it if you're in for a challenge. It contains several secret doors behind secret doors, so try everthing!“They're Everywhere!” As a second level, I tried to do something really big. I carved out tunnels, corridors & mazes in the whole playfield, and opened several cans of BadGuys™ into them. Unfortunatly, this was my first real experience with the limitations of Wolf3D. I had to split it up in three parts, two of which made it into this set with some extra stuff added. One got so big, that it had to be split up again.  Thus you might find some duplications and/or extreme similarities between levels. Then I added two more levels, to try out some more neat ideas I had.So there you go…	‘It's the same old story again. They locked you up in a cell, and you don't agree. The cell happens to be rather small. You can't go nowhere. You're getting claustrophobic.  You want to get out. Break free. Maybe some other prisoners want to help you fight your way out.  If you could just get out of this damned cell first…’Breaking out of your cell is not guaranteed to bring you happiness and freedom. After finding your way to the elevators, you find yourself in an increasingly complex and weird building, pack-jammed with soldiers. The floors are called ‘Prison’, ‘Glimmers of Hope and a Better Gun’, ‘Yellow Mellow’, ‘Temples of Doom’ and ‘Little Man in a Maze’. Alas, the current version of Wolf3D doesn't use names for it's levels, but they can serve as a reference anyway.I really want your comments for this set, for I fear that ‘Temples of Doom’ and ‘Little Man in a Maze’ might be a little too tough. I could remove several SS'rs to make them a little easier. The maze in the last level might be somewhat too confusing, and too full of species who think you are a shooting target. The other three levels should be okay, if you practice them a little.“Crazy Mazy”This is the last part of my attempted big level. It is very different from the others, in that is almost empty — hardly anything to shoot in here. It is the maze that is important, not the rest. However, when I tried the maze I was a little shocked: It was exceedingly hard!  It was much harder than I expected it to be,  so I kept it separate from the rest. I didn't put much work into polishing or checking it after that. Only play it you don't mind getting absolutely lost. There are several secrets to be found, btw. I have written down several hints in a file called “WolfLevels Hints”.Destroy & Enjoy!--Tim van der LeeuwClaimer/Disclaimer:-)These levels are MINE, MINE, MINE! So they are free, but copyrighted by me (Tim van der Leeuw). You are free to give these levels to anyone, as long as you don't ask any fees for it other than costs of the media or online connection, and you include all the files, unaltered.I do not warrant these levels are fit for any kind of purpose, either implied or not. I'm not liable for any loss of data or  damage (either to software, hardware, environment or mental systems) that migh thave been caused by the use, misuse or abuse of these levels. Keep out of reach of children.