Wolfenstein Levels — HintsBelow are some hints for going thru the levels I've created. They might contain spoilers, such as references to essential secret doors.“My First Level”	-Look for secrets behind secrets behind secrets, and you'll find the power to beat anyone you meet.	-Watch your back	-Yes, there is one door that is totally useless.“They're Everywhere!” Floor 1 — ‘Prison’	-Of course there is no door out of your cell! It's a prison!	-Watch your back even more carefully.	-Provoke them to attack you, rather than the other way round.	-Many prisoners are lying dead in their cells, but they may have left some valuables. However, you're not the only one to look for them!Floor 2 — ‘Glimmers of Hope and a Better Gun’	-To get the gun, you must go thru a situation similar to that on the first level (when you had to get the key), but a little easier. If you still find it too hard, you can kill some SS and get their guns.	-Even more important now: wait for them to get out, and it's turkey shoot - time!	-No, there's not a bug in this level, I'm only eploiting some bug(?) in Wolfenstein. Try going the other way round.Floor 3 — ‘Yellow Mellow’	-Shoot around the clock, then come to the heart of the matter.	-Use ammo sparingly. You might want to consider a more modest weapon.	-Snipers rule!	-Can't find the exit?  Tough Luck.  I'm not gonna tell ya!Floor 4 — ‘Temples of Doom’	-If you die and loose your Gatling, you can always find it back. Just have a good look.	-If you loose too much health,  be comforted: More medkits are available if you dive in deeper.	-They're Everywhere! Around every corner, someone could stand waiting for you. Learn to live with it and turn around quicker.	-If Too many bodies pile up and your attackers become invisible (it can still happen, even though I removed a lot of scum), run away! Find a quiet spot were you can wait for them to show up.	-Don't give up. It is possible.Floor 5 — ‘Little Man in a Maze’	-I admit I would prefer a nice, cosy flamethrower myself.  A  gatling has some limitations.	-Found the exit, but the elevator is broken?? Sure it is broken! Something's got to break down with alll that shooting! And there are no repairmen around. It's not the only one that's broken, so try every elevator you find.	-No, your blue key is not useless. And you can find a yellow key as well.	-If you thought the maze was bad, try the second part.	-Not everything is what it looks like.	-Missing many items at the end? Bet you missed some secrets too! One comforting thought: They're not in the maze.“Crazy Mazy”	-Use your automap a lot.	-Use your automap even more. -I told you you should have stayed away from this one.	-Can you see some items but can't get behind the armored suit? Push some walls to find secret.	-Found the exit but can't find the key? Go look for that picture of der Führer. I bet he can help you.	-In case I made a mistake: there should be only one key on the map, so tell me in case it doesn't match the door you find. I haven't tested this level very well, and things have changed. You should be able to get all the secrets.