Bride of Wolfenstein Demo(5 levels for the 1st Encounter and above)Some StuffThis scenario is one of my newest projects on the go. Though I have included only a limited array of custom graphics, I believe you'll get the feel of it. I've already made a whole lot more of custom graphics and sprites for future update. I haven't made up a complete storyline yet, but quite obviously, I got my inspiration from the classic horror movie "Bride of Frankenstein" starring Elsa Lancaster. The movie has nothing to do with the content of this scenario, but I just kind of liked the rhyme. Whether this scenario will be concluded or finished depends on your response. Send me mail telling what you thought of it, good or bad. New ideas and suggestions will be welcome; some may even get reflected in the full version. Since some people may think killing female Nazis are sick, I won't release any further versions of this scenario unless I receive substantial support from players saying, "No, it's OK!"StoryI'll make one some day!CopyrightsThis scenario is free of use, but may not be distributed under any circumstances without prior written consent of the author, Clubey (but if you ask, I surely will say, "Yes"). This restriction will automatically expire when my site, "The Wolfenmania Chronicle", disappears from the web and does not reappear for more than 6 months. After that, distribution will be free, but I will still hold authoring rights to this scenario. That means just give me credit!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS