Requirements:Wolfedit 1.0 or higher (is there a higher one than 1.0?)Castle Wolfenstein 3-D, Second Encounter or better.A good fast Mac, Power PC being the ideal.“Hell and Cheesecake...”Ok, actually, it’s more HELL than Cheesecake.In fact, there’s not a scrap of cheesecake to be found in this.Too bad, too... You’ll deserve it after completing this.This is two floors of Wolfenstein 3-D. You’ll need the Second Encounter or better to use it. I’m new at making floors/levels, so I have no doubt I screwed something up along the way. Please feel free to e-mail me at Timberlanr@aol.com to let me know about it. Additionally, feel free to give this out to whoever you care to. It was just me trying to make a few levels I thought might be fun. See what you think and get back to me. Just make sure this notice stays with the levels, please.Overview:Your plane has crashed into the side of a mountain. Never a good start to saving the world, but it could be worse. When you awaken, you find the plane crashed into an out-of-the-ordinary mountain. Inside is a secret World War Two cybernetics lab. Unfortunately, the projects Hitler is working on are alive and ready to mutter at you in German (among other things)! Lucky for you, you were flying arms to the combat front, and most of the cargo was thrown around the room you were thrown into as well. (Ok, it's a cheesy opening, but the best I could come up with on short notice. Let's get real here... If you can believe in Hitler chasing you around wearing a space suit, do me a favor and try to buy this story, ok? Now let's move on...) Gather up your belongings (you’re going to need every bit of help!), and go out to face the brainchilds of Hitler’s most twisted scientists. Be on the lookout for some very crucial secret doors and hidden ammo caches. Most of all, don’t run into a room without looking first... And don’t be ashamed to run. Hopefully it won’t merely be prolonging the inevitable.Good luck!P.S. NO CHEATING!! I've given you enough help... try to resist the evil codes (which I don't even know)!Email: Timberlanr@Aol.com