Wolfenstein : The Fueher's AmbitionMap for 1st Encounterby Yoshimichi Endoh(10 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Yoshimichi Endoh, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(translation by Clubey)Step by step, the Neo-Nazis were on th verge of fulfilling their ambition to conquering the world. From the convulsive effort of the General Staff Office, we have become aware of the enemies' military base called "the Fuehrer". However, the base resided under a building in a metropolis, and because the General Staff Office wished to contain the situation under top secrecy, they had to abandon the idea of sending in large battallions in a major sweeping operation. And to what "the Fuehrer" points to, whether it be a man or rank or even a secret weapon, we do not know to the present. Your mission is to seek into the enemies' base alone, to reveal what "the Fuehrer" is, and to destroy the base. CopyrightsSince this is not my creation, and since the author writes nothing about it, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario. I presume that if you give proper credit to the author, you're pretty much free to do anything with it. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS