Strangestein IIGeorge Rodriguez(14 levels for the 2nd Encounter)Some StuffThis scenario is designed for use with the 2nd Encounter, and was made by George (Jorge) Rodriguez. He is also the author of the scenario "Bin Ladenstein I-II", "Bin's Hole (in the ground)", and "Strangestein". Well, actually, his previous scenarios, "Bin Ladenstein I-II" and "Bin's Hole (in the ground)", were uploaded to the net but wasn't playable due to certain technical reasons. In short, it had a bug that made our Macs freeze. However, thanks to the author, George Rodriguez, who tried hard to rid his scenarios of this problem, we now have the freeze-less "Bin Wolfenstein" (formerly, "Bin Ladenstein") edition up at my site, "the Wolfenmania Chronicle". "Bin's Hole (in the ground)" was also upgraded to be bug-free and is now up on the net at the Wolfenmac Club. "Strangestein" is available for download atAs of I know, George Rodriguez is one of the few active scenario creators of Mac Wolf. His scenarios are quite solid and good. He usually distributes his scenarios through the "infomac hyperarchives", but recently I happened to ask for and receive some of his scenarios directly through email (Thank you George!). I so dearly hope everyone who plays this scenario or any other of his to send feedback to the author (j58roldan@yahoo.com). Please remember, your mail could be the one to persuade and encourage the author to go on releasing new scenarios in the future!!By the way, the author has made a ResEdit source patch to change the music and sounds (and some graphics, too). Instructions to use this patch is included in the "Read Me" document.CopyrightsAs written in the original "Read Me" by the author, this scenario is distributed as FREEWARE. This means you can play and distribute this scenario freely without no charge, but the copyright to its creation is held by the author. This just means give proper credit to the author if you do anything to this scenario! Do anything at your own risk!!AcknowledgementsMy deepest thank you to the author George Rodriguez for kindly permitting me to distribute this scenario at my website!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS