Bobby Wolfenstein(11 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis scenario was made in my earlier years just for the fun of making levels and brushing up my editing skills. This scenario was constructed upon the following scenarios : Feb-24-95 Bob, Eat on Bob's Chicken I and Eat on Bob's Chicken II.But most of the levels are pretty much altered to intuitively see any of their original structures inherent.Because all of the original scenarios have the name "Bob" in them the title became as it is. The other reason was because I was a great fan of Bobby Valentine who was then the manager of the Chiba Lotte Marines ball club in Japan. He's now manager of the New York Mets. I just made the title and his name rhyme. This scenario is designed for play with the 1st and 2nd Encounter applications only, so don't play with it on the 3rd Encounter. It won't crash your computer or anything but it might become a nightmare!Some things you'd better know about before playing this scenario is the "magical sweetspot bug" and the "corner-shooting technique". Most of you would think that some of these levels are impossible to clear, unless you knew about these tips. I've written about it in detail in my website. It's in the Ultra-Tips corner, so check it out!CreditsI owe the basis of this scenario to the author(s) of : Feb-24-95 Bob, Eat on Bob's Chicken I and Eat on Bob's Chicken II.CopyrightsIf you do something with this scenario, just give me and the people above credit, and everything else is yours!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS