THE STORY

After stealing the shuttle and fleeing the Nazi spaceship, you set course for the moon, flush with excitement over your narrow escape. But as soon as you land at the Nazi's lunar base, you know there's more trouble ahead than what you left behind. Apparently. somebody who managed to survive your deadly rampage on the ship radioed ahead that you were coming, and troops are already waiting for you in the landing bay. Hopefully, the entire base hasn't had time to prepare yet. and if you can hold enough of them off long enough to find a cargo ship and stowaway, you'll soon be on your way back to earth for the final confrontation.

ASTROSTEIN 2 ENEMIES

DEFENSE DRONE

The electronic equivalent of a guard dog, these machines can usually be found patrolling along corridors.

CREWMAN
Assigned to carry out most regular base duties, these workers are rather wimpy, but they're all over the place.

SHOCK TROOPER
Standard members of planetary assault teams, these guys wear blast-proof visors and carry laser rifles.

OFFICER
These are the guys who run the base. Smart and quick, they'll defend their installation to the death.

COMMANDO
Charged with maintaining base security, these guys may resemble regular crewmen, but they're far more dangerous.

CARGO HANDLER
Usually found in cargo holds and hangars, these guys wear special suits that allow them to unload ships in zero g.

CONSTRUCTION WORKER
Equipped with powerful laser welding torches that can also be used as weapons, these guys are as adept at destroying as they are at building.

MOON BUGGY
Usually found outside the base hovering over the lunar surface, these small vehicles are armed with formidable laser cannons.

TYPE I CYBORG
The result of hideous experiments, these half-men, half-machines come with twin laser cannons, shoulder-mounted plasma cannons, and a bad attitude.

LEVEL 2 DEFENSE DRONE
Armed with four plasma cannons, these machines are far more dangerous than the regular versions.

TYPE 2 CYBORG
Possessing stronger armor and more powerful weapons than the Type 1, this monstrosity has a built-in oxygen supply and can survive in the vacuum outside the base.

SENTINEL
Don't let their size fool you. These tiny probes pack quite a wallop, and their special shielding makes them indestructible.

WEAPONS AND AMMO

LASER RIFLE
The standard sidearm of all shock troopers, these automatic weapons fire short bursts of pulsed energy.

REPEATER
Capable of sustained fire, these weapons pick up where the rifle left off, but they deplete energy reserves at a very fast pace.

PLASMA CANNON
These potent weapons can fire large bursts of plasma in quick succession and have no range limit.

PHOTON CANNON
The most powerful weapon in the Nazi arsenal, these cannons shoot powerful bolts of photon energy.

POWER PACK
Standard issue recharge for the laser-based weapons: pistol, rifle, and repeater. Good for five bursts.

LARGE POWER PACK
Larger recharge for laser-based weapons. Good for twenty-five bursts.

PLASMA RECHARGE
Recharge for the plasma cannon. Good for fourteen blasts.

PHOTON RECHARGE
Recharge for the photon cannon. Good for five blasts.

BACKPACK
Increases the amount of ammo you can carry, and also contains four power packs, four blasts for the plasma cannon and five blasts for the photon cannon.

OTHER ITEMS

BOOSTER PACK
Gives a 4% boost to your health.

DINNER
Gives a 10% boost to your health. Usually found in mess halls and crew quarters.

MEDKIT
Gives a 25% boost to your health. Large stockpile in the infirmary.

ONE-UP
Restores your health to 100% and gives you an extra life.

ELECTRONIC KEYS
Some areas aboard ship are restricted to unauthorized personnel. These cards will open all locked doors.

SPACESUIT
Usually found at airlocks, these are absolutely essential for going out onto the lunar surface.

ALIEN ARTIFACT
Strange and valuable crystals collected by the Nazis on their conquests. Picking up 50 of them in any one level will give you a free life.
