Wolfenstein : Tears of the Mechanised Soldiersby Yoshimichi Endoh(5 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Yoshimichi Endoh, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(translation by Clubey)The rise and fall of an organisation depend on the people who construe it, and the importance of acquiring fine personel was no less significant for the Neo-Nazis as was for any. However, in the world where past ideologies faded out, the number of youngsters swearing oath to an extreme rightest organisation began to decrease year by year, and recruiting had become a fruitless act for the Neo-Nazis. Now, by utilising their scientific background, the Neo-Nazis decided to supplement the number of soldiers by mass producing mechanised soldiers (=ROBOTs). The building you have put under surveillance for a while turns out to be the hideout for the Neo-Nazis, and you find out that they are on the verge of breaking out on their rebellion. You have consulted the General Staff Office for auxilary reinforcement, but their arrival will be no sooner than 2 hours later. Those two hours would be enough for the Neo-Nazis to send in their mechanic soldiers by thousands and occupy the city. You have no choice but to go in alone and destroy the Neo-Nazis' conspiracy before they devastate the city with their mechanised soldiers. The combat turned out horrendous. So was it that even the mechanised soldiers shed tears....CopyrightsSince this is not my creation, and since the author writes nothing about it, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario. I presume that if you give proper credit to the author, you're pretty much free to do anything with it. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS