Final Solution 2by Pier Luigi Andreoni (12 levels for the 3rd Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 3rd Encounter, and was made by Pier Luigi Andreoni. This author has officialy announced that he is not going to make any new Wolf 3D scenarios. It's a pity that an author with such high abilities and potential had to leave the Wolf scene after only making one full scenario public. Please send the author feedback if you enjoy playing this scenario or any other of the same author's (pandreoni@mail.enjoy.it). It might persuade him to make another superb scenario in the future!Just to note, this author has created the "Final Solution" series and "It's Only a Dream". "Final Solution Demo" will probably be available at any InfoMac site. Since I've never seen the "Final Solution 1" scenario anywhere, I presume this Demo to be the version 1. I don't know whether "Final Soluiton 2" was ever made available on the net, but recent surfing on the net proved it's no longer downloadable anywhere. That's why I decided to put it up on my "Rare Scenarios" page.The author has a personal webpage for his Wolf creations, though the DL links don't work at all! The URL is : (http://web.tin.it/tuxedostudio/software.html)There is an add-on for the PC version Wolfenstein 3D by the same "Final Solution" title by Tristan van Putten. It looks pretty cool, but seems not to have connections with Pier Luigi Andreoni's Mac version which preceded it by a couple of years. Since the term "Final Solution" is a direct translation from the German equivalent which was coined by Hitler and the Nazis during WWII to point to their demonic policies trying to exterminate the Judaic race from the surface of Earth, and thus can be considered a historical term, the coincedence of two authors coming up with the same title is very likely.In any case, if anyone knows of Pier's "Final Solution 1", please contact me at : clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jpFrom the AuthorThe following is an excerpt of what the author writes in his webpage mentioned above.Final Solution : it's a Wolfenstein scenario by Pier Luigi AndreoniFreeware.System requirements:You must have Wolfenstein 2nd, 3rd or Commercial Encounter to play this game."Final Solution 2" is a scenario for Wolfenstein 3D made with Greg Ewing's WolfEdit 2.0.2This is the final release of Final Solution 2, it's DIFFICULT but not IMPOSSIBLE! ÊIt has custom grahics and 14 levels of absolute HELL !!Just put this into the Levels folder and GO!Wolfenstein 3Dª is a trademark ofÊid Software. Inc. ©1992The problem is that the completed scenario that the author sent me had only 12 levels, as where he says 14 in his page... I wonder what happened.CopyrightsSince this is not my creation, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario, though the author claims it to be freeware in a now almost defunct (the DL links don't work at all!) webpage of his (http://web.tin.it/tuxedostudio/software.html). However, considering that this scenario is actually claimed to be unfinished, using this as a basis of a new scenario should be withheld. In any case, contact the author for any specific instructions. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS