My ProductsI have many, many scenarios and related things circulating the Internet. Most of them can be found at Info-Mac, but you may never know where they pop up.Castle Xeen 1.0My first scenario ever. 39 levels. Pure, raw action with plenty of level flaws.Castle Xeen 2.0A marginal improvement over version 1.0.Castle of Lost Souls 1.0My second real scenario. 40 levels. Pure, raw action with a lot less flaws than Castle Xeen. Version 2.0 never came out.Dragon Cavern/Fortress of FearMy third real scenario. 25 levels. Simple puzzles and many enemies to shoot at. A perfectly good scenario. Some early versions had a serious bug that ended the game too early.Tiger CavernSupposed to be a First Encounter version of Dragon Cavern. 6 levels. Didn't catch much notice, so I dropped it.First Strike/Return to Castle XeenMy fourth scenario and the first scenario designed with WolfEdit 2.0. 25 levels. A cross between Dragon Cavern and Temple of Doom. Not too easy, not too hard, but I never really finished it.Temple of DoomOne of my masterpieces. 31 levels. Tough. Really tough. Cruel. Unkind to the player. Early versions crashed Power Macs. Version 1.5 corrects this partially.Castle WolfensteinMy latest scenario and one of my finest masterpieces. Currently at 35 levels, but always growing. Features new graphics.Compact Maps Sets 1-4Small, one to three level scenarios with levels lifted from my other scenarios.Wolfenstein AdventuresTotally original levels of high quality. The replacement for the Compact Maps.Compact Maps Set 5All of my Compact Maps, including early versions of the then-unnamed Wolfenstein Adventures.Awesome Resurrection 136 scenarios created by various Wolfenstein authors, including me, rereleased to the public.Awesome Resurrection 236 more scenarios created by various Wolfenstein authors.Wolfenstein Around the WorldScenarios from Demark and Japan.WolfenPC10 sounds from the PC version of Wolfenstein 3D ported to the Macintosh.Compact Maps Set 6One-level scenarios with levels taken from Castle Wolfenstein and Temple of Doom.---------Coming soon (maybe)....Castle Wolfenstein 4The final release. 40 levels total. Featuring new enemies, objects, walls, and treasures.Awesome Resurrection 325-36 more scenarios for the true Wolfenstein addict!Fortress of Fear 2.0Featuring new graphics!First Strike IIIFeaturing more new graphics!Wolfenstein Adventures IIMore original, short scenarios.Castle Claustrophobia IIICombining the closed-in concept of Castle Claustrophobia and my dirty tricks to create a great scenario!Wolfenstein Around the World IIShould I ever find another foreign web site with Wolfenstein scenarios, I will package them into Wolfenstein Around the World II!Custom Graphics PakPresently in the works. A huge collection of custom graphics you can use in your scenarios.---------Visit my web page at:http://www.geocities.com/ResearchTriangle/System/1634/index.htmlor e-mail me at:copperfield@worldnet.att.netUpdated 2/26/99