It's Only a Dream (unfinished)by Pier Luigi Andreoni (6 levels for the 3rd Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 3rd Encounter, and was made by Pier Luigi Andreoni. This scenario has received the Special Award for ArtThis author has officialy announced that he is not going to make any new Wolf 3D scenarios. Actually, this scenario, itself, was never intended to be released, and the author claims it to be unfinished. I kindly received it through direct personal communication with the author. Thank you, Pier!It's a pity that an author with such high abilities and potential had to leave the Wolf scene after only making one full scenario public. Please send the author feedback if you enjoy playing this scenario or any other of the same author's. It might persuade him to make another superb scenario in the future!Just to note, this author has also created the "Final Solution" series. "Final Solution 2" will probably be available at any InfoMac site. The author also has a personal webpage for his Wolf creations, though the DL links don't work at all! The URL is : (http://web.tin.it/tuxedostudio/software.html)From the AuthorThe following is an excerpt of what the author writes in his webpage mentioned above.It's only a DreamÊ: it's a Wolfenstein scenario by Pier Luigi AndreoniFreeware.System requirements:You must have Wolfenstein 2nd, 3rd or Commercial Encounter to play this game."It's only a dream" is a scenario for Wolfenstein 3D made with Greg Ewing's WolfEdit 2.0.2This is a Beta version of "It's only a dream". It has only custom graphics, the full version will have custom sounds and music also."It's only a dream" is small, very difficult but not IMPOSSIBLE!Just put this into the Levels folder and GO!Wolfenstein 3Dª is a trademark ofÊid Software. Inc. ©1992CopyrightsSince this is not my creation, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario, though the author claims it to be freeware in a now almost defunct (the DL links don't work at all!) webpage of his (http://web.tin.it/tuxedostudio/software.html). However, considering that this scenario is actually claimed to be unfinished, using this as a basis of a new scenario should be withheld. In any case, contact the author for any specific instructions. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS