Mission Brief

Increasingly desperate because of the success of the Allied forces sweeping through Europe, rumour has it that Hitler has instructed his scientists at the Luftwaffe ammunition factory in Crawinkel, Germany, to perfect a special suit of armour.

Not quite 'Knights of the Round Table' stuff ... for this suit is more highly mechanised and soundly protective than any yet available. 

 Made of reinforced steel,
 Able to absorb the impact of up to seven conventional anti-tank rockets,
 And armed with twin cannons and rocket launchers ...

... anyone fortunate enough to own one of these will consider themselves to be all but invincible!

Hitler, of course, is first in the queue - but the Furher's intention is to equip each member of his crack SS divisions with one. A mammoth task in itself, but if successful, Allied gains would evapourate like the dew before the sun!

It is your job to locate and infiltrate this factory - discover how many suits Hitler has available to him - and radio your findings to us immediately ... . Oh yes, and if you happen to chance on Hitler himself along the way, count it your pleasure to test out the power of his new suit. Don't worry about any ketchup stains!!

Get movin', BJ!

Level Guide ... Pt.1

No doubt most of you will opt to drop in through the roof of the factory and start taking the enemy out, some may crave more extensive mission instructions - a valuable hint or two along the way that just might prevent you from becoming a spagetti-string victim of Hitler's latest toy. Voila! ... here are a few tips you may find useful.


Level 1-1:  Welcome Mat
By no means a taxing entrance - but there are a few fat friends hanging around (and guys in the same boat tend to back each other up!). One secret door is essential ... behind it the blue key waits to be picked up.

Level 1-2:  Barrel Mania
The number of enemies may have doubled, but that still brings you to half capacity ... . Mind you, the extra enemies are almost wholly accounted for by a sharp rise in the canine population. As they say in 'Dumb and Dumber,' canines mean "dogs"! Given the huge collection of wooden barrels in this level, at least one of the dogs is bound to be called "Roly" - and another one "Poly." 

Level 1-3:  The Octagon
Your first major site of the deluxe walls in the officer's quarters. Watch out for the 'little' character along the long corridor.

Level 1-4:  Running The Gaunlet
No sign of that suit yet. Are you sure you've located the correct building? Several long corridors in this one - do remember what that tiny barricade usually indicates if you want to get to the end of this level.

Level 2-1:  First Sighting
A tricky beginning - and ending - to this level. But you are rewarded with a first sighting of the elusive armoured suit. Take care, though, it's reasonably well defended!

Level 2-2:  Roaming
Wide open spaces welcome you here - but make sure you sniff around for the Gatling gun on your exit from the first room ... it'll be worth its weight in gold!


Level 2-3:  Mathematician's Maze
A straightforward - and speedy - level. There isn't a lot to get in your way here. One of the few secret passages in this level leads to an armoured suit storage department ... you may want to visit here as part of your mission objectives! Another set of secret passages leads to two precious lives.

Level 2-4:  The Bookcases
Don't let the small numbers of guards on this level fool you ... some of them are in pretty determined mood! Once you pass two flags, you'll know that some guys are resolved to nail you! Rearranging a few bookcases may represent your safe passage out of this level.

Level 3-1:  Let Me Out!
Getting started is no problem - but finding that blue key in order to get out is the most difficult part of the level.

Level 3-2:  Hound Parade
With over 20 rabid hounds to contend with, this should prove slightly taxing!

Level 3-3:  The Metallic Mall
The most spacious of all the levels. When you get to the Metallic Mall, make sure you locate those secret doors - missing one will severely upset your final calculation and result in the Ministry of Defence back home being given some false information!

Level 3-4:  The Final Outfitters
Secret passages are the key to a successful negotiation of this final level. You're given the dubious privilege of not just counting armoured suits in this level - but of actually testing the effectiveness of them in battle. Swan around at your peril!


Mission accomplished! ... That is, provided you radio through to your handlers with all the relevant data regarding Hitler's mechanised suit. And as for the total number of those suits in the Luftmunitionsanstalt Crawinkel? ... Well, how many did you count? 


How To Install

Ą Drag The Armoury into the "Levels" folder. 

Ą Open Wolfenstein 3D. 

Ą You will see a list of scenarios. Select The Armoury from the list, and click OK.

... You're in business!!


Requirements

Ą The Armoury requires Wolfenstein 3DŞ Full Version.

If you don't have Wolfenstein 3DŞ, you may like to make enquiries from one of Wolfenstein's chief advocates, Josh Mills ... 
e-mail: copperfield@worldnet.att.net

Ą The Armoury requires a fair chunk memory to run. You'll be sailing if you allocate 5MB to it.


Editing & Uploading

The Armoury is FREEWARE ... i.e. you don't have to pay a dime for the pleasure (?) of wading through these levels. 

Graphics
I've no problem with you 'borrowing' the graphics. Many of my wall graphics are custom made (though thanks to Laz Rojas for the basic brick pattern, the lampstand and the chest of drawers; thanks also to Clubey for the sunset pattern ... and to all other Wolf designers for any of their material which has found its way into this scenario).
 
Circulating
Please send The Armoury in its entirety to every corner of the internet. It may just do something to keep Wolfenstein 3D chugging along. Fact is, there are lots of people who still play this great game. Put this scenario on DVDs, CDs, Zips, or the plain old floppies - whatever. Just keep the original documentation with it.
 

(Useless) Statistics

By the time that welcome term "Victory" comes up on your screen, you'll have trawled through a total of 220 rooms, opening 350 doors - almost 100 of them secret. ... Quite a bit of pushing to do in an extensive factory!

You'll also have stopped more than 900 guards dead in their tracks and picked up almost 350 pieces of ammunition in the process ... I think you'll need all the rucksacks provided!!! And, of course, you'll have spotted ___ suits of armour! Exactly how many did you find?? (If you can be bothered - and aren't too busy - you can email me with your result).


Future Releases

Ą I've been developing a new scenario, 'Doctors' Conference,' for a while now. Schabbs is becoming rather restless, wondering just when he's going to be allowed to break out and chuck his syringes! Expect this to be released soon.

Ą Other projects include 'Hitler's Chalet' - a two-part scenario comprising 30 levels in total. The first 12 levels are designed as an 'outdoor' scenario as you work your way round the various buildings and sheds on the way into the Chalet; the second set of 18 levels feature the battle within the chalet itself. Currently, this scenario is at the playtesting stage. 


Keep those e-mails coming ... ian.brown@sparticus.net