Wolfenstein AdventuresFast-paced scenarios for those who want a quick thrill!16 one-level scenarios, all created by me, some of them featuring custom graphics from Castle Wolfenstein.A brief description of each Adventure follows:A Halloween NightmareYou've been captured by a band of ghosts. They want to end your life. You must escape before they do so.Note: This level CAN be beaten. I have beaten it.Back to WolfensteinLevel 1-1 of "Back to Wolfenstein", one of the original Wolfenstein scenarios, gone really really bad.Boy Meets Unidentified HumanoidA rather easy level that yets you practice your shooting skills. You have only a pistol. Learn how to dodge enemies and how to make the most use of your measly pistol.Cooka Shoots a CowTricky. You must collect enough missles to kill off the Death Knight or else you're toast.Dawson's LakeYou'll get killed if you don't watch your step. The beginning is a bit difficult, but not impossible.Four Giants and a PistolHave a showdown with four bosses. And you only have a pistol.Note: This level can be used with First Encounter.Garbonzo BeansNo turning back on this level! You barely have any space to fight.Note: I have beaten this level (with 16% health, but I've beaten it).Hans Runs for His LifeRun, Hans, Run! If you find the secret doors, this level will be a piece of cake.Nous Sommes MocheEasy if you find the correct exit.PantsChallenging, but not impossible. You will die if you don't take your time.Se–or Yap Gets AngryThe first Wolfenstein Adventure. A wide, open space to fight in.SupercopIt's OK to cheat in this scenario. In fact, you can't win if you don't cheat! Pure, raw action.Take Your Pick-Life or DeathChoose between doors. Only the correct door will lead to glory.The Diary of a MooseIf you play your cards right, the ghosts won't hurt you at all.Tommorrow Always DiesOpen many secret doors to find the blue and yellow keys. Beware of ghosts!Two Bosses and a FoolYou only have one pistol. And you must fight a Gremlin and a Death Knight before you can finish this level. Is it impossible? I think not.How to InstallHow to InstallPut the scenarios you want to play into the "Levels" folder. Open Wolfenstein 3D. You'll see the name of the scenario. Select it and click OK.Enjoy!Josh Millscopperfield@worldnet.att.nethttp://www.geocities.com/ResearchTriangle/System/1634/index.htmlUpdated 4/10/99