NOTE: This level guide was NOT created by me! It was created by Aaron Teplitsky (yyr57695@aol.com). If you have any questions about this guide, DON'T e-mail me about it.LEVEL DESIGN TIPS-----You know what NOT to do.  Here's what you SHOULD do:- Provide enough ammo and health.  Assume that the player has only a pistol and 16 bullets at the beginning of the level.  Also, don't assume that the player is cheating.  Provide enough stuff to last them through the level.  You don't have to give stuff away every two steps, but give a little every now and then.- Hint your secrets.  Spending hours smacking the wall is a waste of time that just isn't fun.  Hint your secret doors in some way so that the player can find them.  And besides, most players won't find all the secrets even if you do provide some hints.  Hints can include different walls nearby, objects on the floor, and more.  Be creative!- Obey WolfEdit's warnings.  If you go over your limits for objects or enemies, you may start to run into the "disappearance" bugs.  Obey the warnings.  If you find yourself having to remove objects, remove all of the ceiling lighting first, then the rest of the scenery.  If you still need to remove objects, begin to remove enemies and ammo/health.  But only remove one ammo/health item for every few enemies!- Don't be repetitive.  For example, don't place the same trap 57,695 times in a row.  Mix up your traps and enemies.  Variety is fun.- Study the original Wolfenstein levels.  You can get ideas from professional levels, especially if you have a lot of them (in a registered version).- Ask others what they think.  Ask ME if you have to.  Just e-mail me at yyr57695@aol.com and I'll critique your levels.If you follow the above, you'll generally have better levels.  But if you want REALLY good ones, try these suggestions:- Substitute well-placed enemies for bosses.  Using a boss every level for a gold key is not only more difficult, but it's repetitive.  Place enemies next to where you'll enter a room, for example, so that the player has little time to react.- Taunt the player.  Place weapons, ammo or health behind objects so that the player can see them, and place a door behind them so that they look accessible.  However, provide no way to reach them!  This keeps the player guessing, as well as holds their interest.  NOTE: Do NOT use treasure or extra lives in taunts or the player won't be able to score 100%.- Have enemies enter a room when the player is in it.  This is accomplished by placing a secret door in a room that leads to an area behind the room.  Enemies wait here.  Place one enemy inside the room, and when the waiting Nazis hear, they'll rush in.  This is very difficult to explain; to see a better example, go to WolfEdit and open Breakthrough Enhanced, Floor 9-6 and look at the medium-sized room towards the middle.  Also, don't make this room too large or you'll see enemies through the wall.- Create fake elevators.  Either make them nonfunctional with a side panel block, or block them with an object (such as a barrel) so the player can't reach them.  And for the ultimate surprise, use an side panel block and make it a secret door leading into a room filled with enemies!  To see this, look towards the end of Breakthrough Enhanced, Floor 9-7.- Be creative!  Try EVERYTHING!-----This concludes the Lost Levels package.  I hope that you've learned what to do and not to do.  I also hope that you break out WolfEdit and DO YOUR WORST!Send me your creations!  If you're on AOL, e-mail your levels to me!  Remember, I'm yyr57695!AJT