RETURN TO WOLFENSTEIN, EPISODE ONE: CAPTURED!Well, here it is!  The long-awaited first episode of the RTW trilogy.You see, on April 11th I uploaded the Preview (1st 3 levs.) and then realized I wasn't content with 3 levels.  NO!  So I had to go and make 5 more THAT SAME DAY!  And they came out pretty good, too.... considering I worked THE ENTIRE DAY!  (My dad's comment: "You're going to go blind."  So what?  At least I'll take a couple Nazis with me......)That was April 11th... but why did I wait until NOW to send it to you?  Here's why:A) I had to build the suspense.B) I could get to work on the rest of the trilogy.C) Testing, testing, testing.I have played the game many times through and occasionally I found something that I just didn't like.  So I went back and changed it.  This "tweaking" makes a difference.  Anyway, here's the story (what there is of it....)CAPTURED!B.J. ReallylonglastnamethatIcan'tspell, top Republic spy, has just returned from a Second Encounter with the Nazis.  He defeated them.... or so he thought.  When faced with the prospect of paying $25 for the next game in the series, he refused, knowing that this money was to go to his weekly AOL chat.  Unfortunately, the Nazis didn't like this, for they REALLY wanted another chance to kill B.J.The infuriated Nazis captured B.J. on the night of April 10, 1995, vowing that they would either get his money or beat it out of him.  Now B.J. must escape from their prison, alive.... and with his $25.Okay, so the story sucks.  Here's a summary: just kill everyone and get their treasure.Is that simple enough?-----------------TO INSTALL RTW EPISODE 1:1. Launch WolfEdit and open the file called "RTW Episode One."2. Choose Install from the File Menu.3. Open a COPY of your Wolf3d 2nd Enc. program.  Repeat: a COPY, for your original levels will be overwritten and you might want to keep them.4. Quit WolfEdit and launch Wolf3d!------------------MAYBEWARE FEEWhat Is Maybeware?Well, it's a really stupid term I invented, because "shareware" seems to turn people off these days.  RTW is NOT shareware.  No, sir.  Of COURSE not.  It's Maybeware, and here's how it works:  play it.  Enjoy it.  Beat it.  Find the stuff you missed.  Have fun.  THEN: If you think the levels were well-made, and that the game was a good waste of time, MAYBE send in a SMALL fee.  How small?  5 bucks.  That's pretty good considering that 2nd Encounter was $15 for 30 levels.  That's 50 cents per level.  I am asking 5 bucks.... and not just for RTW Episode 1, I mean for ALL of RTW!!!  24 levels, in fact!  That's about 21 cents per level... not even what you'd pay to play any arcade game.  Pretty reasonable, huh?  And when you DO send your measly sum, you'll get these BONUSES:-> Be the FIRST to own Episodes 2 and 3 if they haven't been released yet.  They'll be e-mailed to you as SOON as your payment is received... others may have to wait WEEKS!-> Get 3 Mini-Episodes free, each with 3 REALLY HARD levels!!  That's like another episode FREE!  (or 15 cents per level!)-> Be forever blessed with good karma!Oh, sure, Wolf3d was good... but RTW makes it even BETTER!  Order today.... use the included order form!!AJT