Wolfensteinª-WastelandsªA scenario for Wolfenstein 3dª by Patrick Ackerman (patkicks@aol.com)Wasteland:Imagine being stuck in an alternate future, one where their are three main militaristic groups:The Nazis, thier ancient symbol the Swastikas, The Tribe, creating a new symbol for their crushing power, and The Alliance, their symbol the face of the one who freed their people from oppression so many years ago ,B.J. Blazcowickz. Now you must free your people once more from the tightening grip of the Nazis, and keep the Tribe from breaking into Civil War.Chapter 1:Escpape! 			I woke up in a cold sweat. I had had that dream a thousand times before, but never had I seen it end the way it had. Being swallowed up with the rest of my family by that Tribe Leader. You see, I am Philip (BOOMER) Blazcowickz, the last of my heroic family line. 20 years ago, when I was 12, my family was an unwillful member of The Tribe. One day, News of this spread to the local Tribe leader of Wolfenstein, our town (named after the POW camp my great great grandfather escaped from). The Tribe Leader came to our house and slaughtered my family and then ate them. I was fortunate enough to escape, but I was later captured by the Nazis, the other powerful militaristic group. I was then imprisoned in the Wolfenstein Town Square Public cell, for everybody to watch me like a caged animal. But today, i had planned it for days. Today was the day I would escape.			I had recieved a gun from a member of the Local Alliance group. He had also given me a lock pick to get out.Then I went into action, and got out. But it wasn't what I was expecting. The gaurds had seen me, and were ready to pick me off. But I was going to write a different ending to their plans....Chapter 2-1:An easier choice			After picking off all the guards, I had to make a choice, whether to go to the Anti Alliance Complex, and take out things their, or go straight to the Vice Nazi Leader, Hans Grosse III. I was feeling lucky, so I thought i should go straight to the big gunners at the complex (besides, their were heavily armored guards outside of Grosse's Quarters). I noticed there were two stores across the hall from each other, so I decided to do some shopping, with my gun, that is. So I hit the Weapons Depot first. I took out the shop keeper and then found a cleverly hidden door next to his register. There I found the key to his and the store across the hall's supply rooms. Then I picked up a flamethrower and toasted the guys acroos the hall in the Medics department, and picked up some med-kits. I was doing good today, or so I thought. Next I hit the nazi training room to take care of those guys, and finally went into the Tribe room to take care of them. I then saw a switch that looked interesting.But as luck would have it, it turned out to be a trap. I was hurled into a cryo-chamber, and was outcold for 200 years!Chapter 3-1: The deserted town When I awoke, it was quiet. Something must have made the chamber malfunction. I hit a panel, and I was free. It was the same as it had been before, but it was dark, and quiet. All the Metal walls had rusted after being abandoned for years. i started to explore the town, and found that the earth had changed. Gone were the pollution filled skys of my time, and their were the cloud filled skies of today. I felt at peace for a second, but then that peace was destroyed by the howling of a wild pack of dogs. They came after me, but I torched them with my flamethrower. I found a new building had been built, and when I entered, the tenant greeted me in a rather rude way, by shooting at me. I then greeted him back in the same way, and took his key to Hans Grosse's building (he must have been the caretaker). I opened up the deserted building, and hit what I thought was the lightswitch.Boy was i wrong.Chapter 4-1: The Colonys in the mountains.			It turned out that the switch set off a bomb by the mountainside. I went to investigate, and found that the blast had opened a tunnel. I followed and found mutants wandering around. I kept following it, and found the remnantsof a city probably buried by a landslide. Even Further in, I found a Tribe Base. I took care of them,and then foundtheir dog stables. Their was a Tribe Soldier guarding the dogs. I took him out, and hit the lock, but i malfunctioned, and I was thrown even further into the mountain city.Chapter 5-1: Nazi HideAway		I got out and went through the door that was previously locked. I followed it and eventually found a Nazi Camp. It was very old and may have been there since before the landslide. I searched it and found a tight prison, and a room filled with old nazis. I discovered a secret door and found my way to the Alliance Stronghold, that was thriving. I went to the back and found our dog breeding pens. I also found a silver key. I worked my way back to a locked door I had seen before, and opened it. There came dogs that attacked me, but I fought threw them to the alliance breeding pens. i then hit the switch that was on the wall with tribe signs on them. An explosion then sent me flying towards the opposite wall.When the smoke cleared, there stood The Tribe leader that had eaten my family hundreds of years ago!Chapter 6-1: Confrontation		The image had been burned in my memory. He had been trapped in our alliance stronghold for quite sometime. But I toasted him. Finally after so many years, I had seeked revenge on the beast that had devoured my family.As I stood over the bloody corpse of the hideous creature i swore i wouldn't let the nazis or the tribe take control ever again.I've walked you through the first path: Let's see you beat the Hard path.©1997 Wolf Redeemer SoftwareWolfenstein 3d is a trademark of Macplay and ID SoftwareWastelands: A Wolfenstein Scenario by Patrick Ackerman of Wolf Redeemer Software