

                   ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
                   º                                   º
                   º        CORRIDOR 7 ADDENDUM        º
                   º                                   º
                   ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼




        The following information is provided as an addendum to the
        Corridor 7 Alien Invasion Manual.   A  few  things may have
        changed or may have been added since the manual was sent to
        the printers.



        ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ Changes ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        1. Proximity mines now appear as RED blinking blips on your
           map instead of  BLUE  as stated in the manual.  This was
           done during final  beta testing  because we found it too
           difficult to distinguish between  dropped mines  and the
           players position.

        2. Securing the floor for the different  difficulty  levels
           requires kills of certain percentages as follows:

                        DIFFICULTY              KILLS REQUIRED
                        ==========              ==============
                        Corporal                      10%
                        2nd Lieutenant                75%
                        Captain                      100%
                        Major                        100%

           On  Corporal and 2nd Lieutenant  levels  a message  will
           appear  (and be heard on  SoundBlasters  &  compatibles)
           when  the  appropriate  percentage  of aliens  have been
           killed stating "Elevator Clearance Acquired". This means
           that at any time you may go to the  elevator and proceed
           to the next floor.



        ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ Additions ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Alternate elevators  can be found on some  floors  (usually
        guarded by boss aliens).  These elevators  will take you to
        "bonus levels".  You  do not  have to secure the floor on a
        bonus level to complete the game.   Bonus  levels  are  for
        points only.  You enter the bonus level with whatever items
        you are  currently carrying  and leave the bonus level with
        the same items (including health and ammo).  You cannot die
        on bonus levels - instead, you are awarded points for kills
        and  shooting accuracy, then taken to the next floor.   You
        play the bonus level until your health has expired or until
        you return to the elevator.

        ** NOTICE **
        It may be a good idea to  save your game when you are taken
        to a bonus level.  This way, you can replay the bonus level
        as  often as you wish until you kill all aliens and gain as
        many points as possible.




        ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ TroubleShooting ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        If you are  experiencing difficulties  with digitized sound
        effects such as sporadic playback, distortion or choppiness
        there are a  few things  you can try that may alleviate the
        problem before you call for technical support. The problems
        mentioned above are  most often  the result of an interrupt
        conflict. The playback of digitized sounds in  applications
        using  DMA  (Direct Memory Access),  such as  the case with
        SoundBlaster and compatibles, relies heavily on your chosen
        interrupt to keep the actual  sound data moving from memory
        to the DAC (Digital to Analog Converter) of the sound card.
        The most commonly used interrupts for sound cards are 5 and
        7.  Corridor 7 supports interrupts 2, 3, 5 and 7. A printer
        will also often use  one of these interrupts.  A sound card
        and printer that share common interrupts will in many cases
        cause digitized playback problems. Other specialized add-in
        cards such as network or scanner cards, may also be using a
        system interrupt. In such a case using a  DOS boot disk  or
        temporarily  commenting  out  the  loading  of  specialized
        drivers from your "autoexec.bat" and "config.sys" files can
        alleviate the problem.  The  sound cards'  interrupt should
        be reserved SOLELY FOR ITS USE. If possible use interrupt 7
        (the original SoundBlaster default) for your sound card. If
        using a  Pro-Audio Spectrum  card in SoundBlaster emulation
        mode, once again set the  SoundBlaster interrupt  to  7  if
        possible (there should be a hardware jumper on the card for
        the SoundBlaster interrupt),  and make sure that the actual
        PAS interrupt  and the  SB interrupt are not the same (this
        can again result in a conflict).  It is  possible  that you
        may not have access to the  faders in the game that control
        music and digitized volume. This is because these functions
        were designed around the mixer chip used in SoundBlaster 16
        and SoundBlaster Pro cards. If you do not have one of these
        sound cards  you  will  not  be able to use the audio-mixer
        section. This problem may be resolved soon as we await more
        comprehensive standards in regards to  sound card functions
        and compatability.




                                   
