The Ghosts of Wolfenstein Demo(6 levels for the 1st Encounter and above)Some StuffThis scenario is one of my newest projects on the go. Though I have included only a limited array of custom graphics, I believe you'll get the feel of it. I've already made a whole lot more of custom graphics and sprites for future update. I started making this scenario to experiment on what possibilities lay hidden in changing the colours of the ceiling and floor. It proved a very labourous task, but the potential outcome was very satisfying. I was originally experimenting to make an outdoor situated ceiling/floor coordination to fit into a probable sequel to my "In the Wolves' Lair" scenario. However, since I recalled I had worked on a scenario taking place in a very dark room long ago, and that though I had finished most of its very articulate graphics, I had to call it off because the ceiling/floor coordination didn't fit well in, I decided to revive the project for the second time, this time challenging to change the ceiling/floor colours. The "ghost" project was given birth to experiment on this dark room concept. After making a level, I decided to make this test level into an independent scenario. This is how "The Ghost of Wolfenstein" was born.Whether this scenario will be concluded or finished depends on your response. Send me mail telling what you thought of it, good or bad. New ideas and suggestions will be welcome; some may even get reflected in the full version. StoryI'll make one when the full version comes along. There is one already in my head!CopyrightsThis scenario is free of use, but may not be distributed under any circumstances without prior written consent of the author, Clubey (but if you ask, I surely will say, "Yes"). This restriction will automatically expire when my site, "The Wolfenmania Chronicle", disappears from the web and does not reappear for more than 6 months. After that, distribution will be free, but I will still hold authoring rights to this scenario. That means just give me credit!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS