Wolfenstein 3D : Mansion of Atrocitiesby Kazushige Matsuno(5 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Kazushige Matsuno, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(translation by Clubey)Our hero, William J. (aka "B.J.") Blazkowicz has in the past fought fierce battles with the Nazis, and though sometimes being seriously wounded, he, through his tenacious, inhuman physique and extraordinary courage, has overcome numerous difficulties and has beaten formidable foes, always showing up victorious in the end.The Nazi Headquarters, upon perceiving "B.J."'s existence as the nemesis to their ambition of world conquest, has organised a "B.J. Hit Team", selecting the best of bests from the German platoons. They have contemptibly taken a high US government VIP hostage and bargained to exchange the VIP's life only for the deliverance of "B.J.". "B.J.", due to his vocation towards solving the matter and destroying the Nazis, has willingly accepted the Nazis' demand. "B.J." has now become the enemies' prisoner. The Nazis have imprisoned "B.J." in a secret fortress known as the "Mansion of Atrocities", and then, as if they were feeding on the joyful fruit of vengeance, he is freed at the 10th floor underground with a piece of shooting iron. In the "Mansion of Atrocities", the kill-thirsty "B.J. Hit Team" anxiously awaits with all kinds of treacherous traps woven acroos the building, savagely attacking "B.J." at their least given chances. Can "B.J." destroy the elite Nazis and escape the "Mansion of Atrocities", and return to where his loving family awaits him....CopyrightsThe author has stated that this scenario is freeware. You can freely distribute it as you like, but remember to leave credit for the original author. Also, the author states that this scenario was built upon the basis of Yoshimichi Endoh's "Operation Emerald Light".Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS