Other products available from horace@mail1.erinet.com:Castle Xeen (switches don't work): You are Hans Pizza (Pizza's your middle name), cousin of B.J. Blahblahblah, French soldier. You have been captured by evil Nazis and imprisoned in Castle Xeen, created by an evil god. You must escape its 40 levels and defeat Hitler at the top.Castle Xeen 2.0: Same thing except one more level and the switches actually work.The Castle of Lost Souls: But, unfortunately, you're captured once again, and now you're taken to Australia, and you're thrown into The Castle of Lost Souls, one of the most dangerous castles out there! Another 40 levels of misery, and now it's even HARDER!Dragon Cavern Lite: After jumping out a window at the top of the Castle of Lost Souls, you get struck by lightning. Then, you wake up in a dim place facing a brick wall. You've lost all of your weapons and ammo except for your knife. Welcome to the Dragon Cavern, friend! This is a mini version of the soon-to-come-and-be-awesome DRAGON CAVERN!Compact Maps Set 1: Four 1-level scenerios for 3rd and the Commercial Encounters (it may work with 2nd). They are: The Jails, The Killer, Mission Whacko, and Castle Burlock.Compact Maps Set 2: Four more 1-level scenerios for the above encounters, and they're even HARDER! They are: Worse than Hell on Earth, Save the Lone Guard!, Castle of Lost Souls Dungeon, and the Chamber of Torture!The All NEW MONDO Wolfenstein Sounds: Sure the sounds from WolfAddict's Astrostein, Munchkinstein, and Hitler's Graveyard are what I'd consider AWESOME, but these are OUTSTANDING! Funny, hilarious sounds for any version of Wolfenstein 3D that would make you laugh your head off! Tanmws replaces almost ALL of the known Wolfenstein sounds, and trust me, the wait to download it is WORTH IT!Tiger Cavern: 6 levels for 1st Encounter. One of these levels are the equivalent to the quality of one Dragon Cavern level or a level from a scenerio from WolfAddict. Comes with Tiger Sounds.Tiger Sounds: Replacement sound for Wolfenstein 1st Encounter. I tell you, these sounds are about as good as The All New Mondo Wolfenstein Sounds!I am willing to send any of the above things to you by e-mail, so if you want 'em, either e-mail me or look for 'em on the Net. You'll find them where you found this.