Thank you for downloading the Tiger Cavern! This is my first 1st Encounter scenerio I've ever done, and it works!Requirements:Any version of Wolfenstein (I highly reccomend 1st Encounter)Color MacMore than 2 megs of RAMResEditWolfEdit 1.0, 1.1, or 1.1aCourageThe Tiger Cavern is 6 levels of absolute HELL! Every single level is moderately hard, but there are tons of surprises; you'll need a secret door detector to get through some of them! I hate to brag, but I think the Tiger Cavern is better than Castle Claustrophobia (one of my favorites), but what do I know? The Tiger Cavern comes with some sounds to go into 1st Encounter, and I've tested them, too, and they work. Read the "How to install the freakin' sounds" file to know how to install all the sounds.A brief description of the levels:Floor 1-0: Dropped down through a hole, and now you're facing a brick wall. Beware of llamas!Floor 1-1: So you think you're trapped and you're facing the switch to the next level, eh? WRONG! There are two secret doors in the room you're in, but only one is the way out!Floor 1-2: OK, about 25 Nazis dead! Now what? Look for a secret door, and bones might take you to your destiny...Floor 2-1: What's this, a flashback? All of a sudden you're back in the Castle of Lost Souls's dungeon, where your 2nd adventure was!Floor 2-2: One big room. You open a door, and there's 99 dogs and 1 lone guard! What are you to do? (Note: Some of the dogs may temporarily become invisible in 1st encounter.)Floor 2-3: Dreaming again, you remember your first adventure, in Castle Xeen. This is one of the easier levels.How to Install it!1. Open WolfEdit.2. Open Tiger Cavern.3. Select the "Install in..." command from the File menu.4. Choose your 2nd or 1st encounter app thingyamajoo.5. Quit.6. Open 1st encounter.7. Play!E-Mail Me!If you have anything you want to say or ask me, e-mail me at horace@mail1.erinet.com or send me a letter at Josh Mills, 210 Chris Dr., Englewood, OH 45322. I'm willing to talk about basically anything.