WOLFENSTEIN 3D: BREAKTHROUGH-----At this point in time (June 30th), I'm not actually finished with the game.  I'm almost there but I got bored, so I decided to write the Read Me file.  Of course, if the game wasn't finished by NOW (I mean, while YOU are reading this), you wouldn't be reading this file anyway.  Whoa.  That's kinda confusing!Breakthrough started as a wicked and crazy idea.  I thought of it while designing RTW.  One day, shortly after I finished Episode Two, a really strange thought took over my head.  I opened SimpleText and began to write:-----COMING SUMMER 1995!Too cheap to get Second Encounter?  Simply want more of Wolfenstein 3d?  From the creator of Return To Wolfenstein (RTW) comes:WOLFENSTEIN 3D: BREAKTHROUGHYou must escape from the Nazi prison of Achtungville!  Sounds funny, but the guards don't treat it as a joke.  Twenty levels of nonstop action await!YOU WON'T NEED SECOND ENCOUNTER TO PLAY THESE LEVELS!RTW required Second Encounter.  Breakthrough will not- meaning anyone with the shareware version, which is easily downloadable, can play it!MAYBEWARE - MAYBE, BETTER THAN SHAREWARE!Breakthrough will be another inexpensive Maybeware game!  With a "contribution" of $5, you can get Breakthrough BEFORE its release- as well as a free Special Edition Episode of RTW!  (Yes, it WILL run with 1st Encounter.  These levels are mainly RTW levels redesigned- with a few new surprises thrown in, as well as several ALL NEW levels!)  This Episode will be AT LEAST 8 levels.  One MORE reason to look forward to summer!A NOTICE TO SECOND ENCOUNTER PLAYERS (most who are reading this)Breakthrough will be designed for 1st Enc. players.  What does this mean to YOU?  A more limited experience, with less enemies, graphics and music.  So what do YOU want?  Why, Breakthrough ENHANCED!  The original Breakthrough levels with 2nd Encounter graphics and music, greatly enhancing the play experience!Both Breakthrough and its Enhanced version will be released sometime over the summer.  I'll keep you updated....AJT-----At that point, I sat back, thought about it and realized that I was digging myself into a deep hole.  I hadn't even finished RTW, and here I was dreaming about making a 20 level set for First Encounter.  But the time passed, and eventually I decided to follow my "dream."  Some of my daydreams (like the Special Edition RTW Episode, and the silly plot) really WERE farfetched and I decided to abandon them.  However, Breakthrough stuck... and even the Enhanced version stuck!I'm really impressed with Breakthrough.  I had, in my head, kept a list of the people who sent me comments about how wonderful RTW was- but then it got too long to remember.  This set of 32 awesome levels is dedicated to all of them.  So if you've ever dropped me a line, here's my thank you.Additionally, I'd like to thank everyone who's helped contribute to and test Breakthrough.  Some notable levels:- Level 4-1 was created by Bruce Ryder, the creator of the scenario "The Courtyard."  You may need to find a secret to get out, but it's hinted and pretty easy to find.  Trust me, this guy makes some pretty good stuff.- Levels 4-2 and 4-3 were created by Phil Safer, a college guy who, like I do, has too much time on his hands.  If you feel like cheating and are looking at the maps of the levels, check the upper right corner of the level for a cheap thrill.- Level 5-1 was created by David Schiff, one of my closest friends.  He created it supposedly to "annoy everyone."  Extremely long hallways, immense amounts of secrets and pointless gags await.  Don't worry, it's beatable.- Level 6-4 was designed (for the most part) by my little 7-year-old sister Rachel, an up-and-coming expert level designer.And even though I made it myself, I believe Level 3-1 deserves some special mention.  It is a rough translation of the first level of DOOM II.  Consider it my debt to id Software for making such an awesome game.In the eight zones of Breakthrough, you'll face menacing mazes, arresting arenas, terrifying taunts, and perhaps a naughty Nazi or two.  (Or three... or four... or 57,695...)Hitler couldn't make it into 1st Encounter, so the ultimate objective is simply to reach the final exit.  Sounds easy, doesn't it?  Clear a day on your schedule, sit down and let's talk!-----MAYBE ANOTHER MAYBEWARE GAMEI got plenty of wonderful verbal acclaim for RTW... but as far as money is concerned, I received (or will receive) very little.  VERY little.  Therefore, I've decided to BEG.  PLEASE, PLEASE... oh, forget it!  If you want to send me money, you will.  If you want to pay me for over 20 hours of work, you will.  If you wish to send a measly $5 for the enjoyment of 32 WELL-MADE levels, you will.  And lastly, if you want to receive my excellent bonuses, you will.BONUSES?  DID HE SAY SOMETHING ABOUT BONUSES?Yes I did!  And notice the "es" on the end of "bonus."  You'll be able to CHOOSE your bonus... and it'll be E-MAILED to you.  How's THAT for fast service?BONUS #1: BREAKTHROUGH ENHANCED.  Second Encounter textures.  Second Encounter music.  Second Encounter weapons.  And Second Encounter enemies, which are enough to completely change the game.  As if that wasn't enough, I threw in two additional zones, making the game 40 LEVELS.  Wow.  (Obviously, you need Second Encounter to take advantage, however.)BONUS #2: THE BREAKTHROUGH MINI-EPISODES.  THREE different 4-level scenarios, each with a different goal and plot.  That's 12 LEVELS FREE.  (Yes, they *are* 1st Encounter levels)BONUS #3: BREAKTHROUGH: THE (truly) LOST LEVELS.  I've come across many crappy levels over time.  Here are some of the worst.  If you like to laugh, you'll LOVE these levels.  Here's TWELVE of them- including some of MY worst.Or, if you decide to send me $7 instead of $5, you'll get ALL THREE of the bonuses FREE!  By the way, that's the Enhanced Breakthrough, with 8 new levels, along with 24 other new levels... can you say 32 FREE LEVELS?  I knew you could.  64 levels for $7.  Can you find a better deal?  I thought not.BUT WAIT!  THERE'S MORE!WolfenCheat is an extension that, when used, will allow you to access ANY of Wolf3d's cheat codes just by pulling down a menu.  On top of that, it will highlight secret doors so that you don't have to cluelessly start slapping the wall!Wolfenzoom is another extension that will allow you to play Wolf3d at 320x200 resolution on a full screen*, just like a PC!  If you didn't understand that lingo, this means that you'll get full screen play at the SAME speed that you'd get if you played on the puny size screen!  Great for '030 and slower '040 Macs!Register Breakthrough TODAY!  Or TOMORROW!  Or before August 31st!  If your payment (either $5 OR $7) is received on or before August 31st, you'll get both extensions FREE!Well, I won't bug you any more.  But if you truly have goodness in your heart, you'll find it in you to send me a measly $5 or $7 if you've truly enjoyed Breakthrough.-----I'm not going to ramble any longer.  Enjoy the game, and if you have any questions, comments, etc. e-mail me at yyr57695@aol.com.  And if for some reason you decide to "register," use the enclosed order form.  Thanks, and Have Fun!!AJT*Well, ALMOST full screen: you can play at 640x400 size.  This is done by making each pixel having the length and width of 2.  By the way, almost all DOS games- including Wolf3d and even Doom- play at 320x200 resolution.  That's why everything seems to move slower on the Mac, although we get to enjoy much better detail.I personally LOVE Wolfenzoom because I HATE slow frame rates.  You WILL lose some detail, but if you've ever played on a PC you'll already know how it looks.