Ashley Judd Day - RDP

RDP, as he prefers to be called, is an incredible Wolfenstein developer. 
With over four hundred Wolfenstein levels under his belt, he just keep on 
creating dozens and dozens of Wolfenstein levels. I find his sheer ability 
to create vast numbers of levels extraordinary, and he never seems to 
tire, or suffer from Wolfenstein Apathy. In almost every one of first rooms 
of his levels, the player is attacked by sometimes dozens of enemies, and the 
player has to react very quickly at all costs. His level layouts are very logical 
indeed, getting progressively harder as his scenarios progress, and ending up 
with a boss, or several bosses, which can be fought or rushed at the end of 
each level. Every level uses hunred of vastly different wall combinations 
in a unique style that makes each level stand out from the last, and with slightly
different ideas on which each level, and each wall tile is based, leading to an
incredible amount of interest in this scenario. The other commendable feature of
his scenarios is the use of his secrets. Almost all the keys in his sceanrios are
hidden inside a secret door, which encourages exploration, and all the secrets
are carefully marked in the usual ways, although some a lot more subtely than
others. Many of his levels also branch out into layers upon layers of well
marked secrets, meaning that any secret could contain useful objects, or the
rest of the level. Indeed, with the fact that these secrets are hidden carefully
in areas which could be dead-ends means that finding the end of each level can
be taxing indeed, and makes this scenario all the more fun.  RDP has always
been dedicated to producing levels 'without changing anything about the game or
its graphics'. His scenarios certainly live up to its aim of recreating parts of
the original game, and all of his scenarios are so interesting and 
ingenious that they all deserve playing by everyone in the Wolfenstein 
Community. If you like this scenario, do not hesitate to write to him at this address. Your message may help him continue to write more scenarios, and continue to produce his work:

Whatsupwitdat@snet.net - RDP

Enjoy this scenario!

For more rare scenarios, both old and new, visit the Rare Scenarios homepage! This can be found at:

http://www.btinternet.com/~G.Janacek/Rare.html

If you have any queries suggestions or comments, or even any scenarios you yourself have created do not hesitate to write to me at:

G.Janacek@Btinternet.com