THE ASYLUM

It is a normal day for b.j. weirdnamei'mnotgoingtobotherwith. except, now he's 78 and in an insane asylum.  he's just sitting there, looking out the starin' window. when the nurse tells him it's time for his pills. he takes them and notices one that he has never seen before, he picks it up and looks at it, there is a tiny swastika on it. remembering the swastika from...somewhere, he puts the pill in someone elses dish when they aren't looking. the person is Grifty G. McGrift, grifter extrodanaire. he absent mindedly takes the pill and is immediatly killed. or so everyone thinks.  he is trapped in a dream state, where the only way to escape it so kill Hitler, in his dream.  the disillusioning effect of the pill has warped Grifty's fragile little mind, making things appear strangely.  and if he dies in the dream, he will die in real life.  now he must fight through a neon wonderland to get back to his real life, before he is buried alive.!

THE ASYLUMŞ IS FREEWARE...

NO NEW ENEMIES OR WEAPONS...
THERE ARE SEMI-NEW WALLS..
YOU WILL ENCOUNTER NO GHOSTS ....
THERE ARE EIGHT LEVELS...
WON'T WORK FOR FIRST ENCOUNTER
WORKS FOR SECOND ENCOUNTER
WORKS FOR THIRD ENCOUNTER...
TRY ON DIFFERENT SCREEN SIZES...
NOT A TIME TRIAL...

SUSHI
BMOORE@OLYMPUS.NET
www.olympus.net/personal/bmoore/
 
<This page is not written by the author ! >

This scenario was made for the Second Encounter, and though it can be played on the Third Encounter (or the Commercial Version), you need a slight tip to fully  play it.

This is due to the fact that whereas the Death Knight drops a gold key in the Second Encounter, it drops the silver key in the Third.

In cases where you need the gold key but the Death Knight doesn't give it to you, reward yourself by typing "seger" to get all the keys. 

Don't worry, this isn't cheating if you do it only after killing the Death Knight. The code is only valid through the current level, so the code won't effect your next level play.

You could modify the level by putting in a gold key somewhere in the level using WolfEdit 2, but then you would know where to get the key in the first place and that will surely take the challenge away from the level. Besides, I don't recommend altering other people's levels unless it's totally necessary. 

In any case, please enjoy the scenario!

The Webmaster of
 
http://www1.linkclub.co.jp/~clubey/

The author of this scenario was awarded the Commercial Version package for winning first prize in my scenario contest. If anyone is interested in submitting their custom scenarios don't hesitate to contact me by mailing to the address below. 

You're always welcome!!!

clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp