Development NotesHow Castle Wolfenstein was developed...over a year and a half!In the BeginningIt was late 1997. I'd just finished work on Temple of Doom, one of my cruelest scenarios. I decided to create a scenario that was easy (unlike my other scenarios). (It should be noted that some of my earlier scenarios, such as Castle of Lost Souls and First Strike, were supposed to be easy. They ended up being tough.) I named it Castle Wolfenstein because what I planned it to be was supposed to be very similar to the original levels.It didn't turn out that way, did it?Anyway, the 3-level demo WAS pretty easy. It popped up with the first (unplayable) release of Temple of Doom.StallingCastle Wolfenstein, at version 1.1 in early 1998, grew to about 8 levels, all of them easy. After that, I stopped development on Castle Wolfenstein. There were too many other things going on, and I was a bit sick of Wolfenstein 3D.During the summer of 1998, Castle Wolfenstein gained a few levels and the version was upped to 1.2.Castle Wolfenstein received its most radical changes in the fall of 1998. I dispensed with the easy stuff and decided to make the player as miserable as possible. The first level after my change of plans was 3-3, and you can tell a change had been made.Also, around this time, new graphics were added. Many of the graphics in version 2.0 did not appear or changed in later versions.Version 3.0 was released in late 1998, the first to have a DocMaker read me included.Development of Castle Wolfenstein was generally halted by early 1999. Version 3.8 found its way into MacAddict magazine.The Later StagesIn March 1999, I decided to add special effects (for example, quarter blocks) to Castle Wolfenstein. Levels 1-1 through 3-1 received a makeover (including invisible walls!). Then, development stopped again.Throughout June and July of 1999, I spruced up the Read Me to include screenshots and clickable pictures.In July, special effects were added to the majority of Castle Wolfenstein. An ending was added, and the scenario was done.In late July, several major bugs were discovered. (That shows what happens when you don't test your levels!) They were corrected.Castle Wolfenstein was given another once-over in June 2002, and several more bugs were found and promptly squashed.---If you have any questions, e-mail me at wachutiki@att.net.Updated 7/2/02