Wolfenstein : The Hell to Heavenby Tomohisa Kishihata(11 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 1st Encounter, and was made by Tomohisa Kishihata, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(Translation by Clubey)The story starts from where the hero William "B.J." Blazkowicz (that's you!) is imprisoned in an underground dungeon. The place is a cult fortress where Nazi fanatics who believe in Hitler as God gather. Camouflaging the Nazi philosophy with its religious robe, plans to study and practice the brainwashing of people through terrifying initiations has but begun.As the only person knowing such evil plans, you must escape the fortress by way of solving the many mysteries hidden in Hitler's numerous alters, for that is the only way you can protect the vulnerable stray sheep from falling into the evil hands of Hitler's mind control. You have in the past fought and destroyed many of the Nazis' ambitions, and thus, the Nazis will fight you ferociously from hate and vengeance. Can you, while undergoing such Hell, reach the promised land, Heaven?CopyrightsThe author states that this scenario and the icons he has made can be freely distributed as long as they are not modified and are for non-commercial use. In cases of commercial usage, prior permission from the author in written status is required. In other cases, please give proper credit to the original author.Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS