Wolf 3D/Prison Break!!Here's the story, after being held hostage by the Nazis for three years you finally decide to make your escape during a prison riot. Thats right, its ten more levels of action and suspense brought to you by your favorite Wolfenstein aritist, TX Sirron. If you liked Tony's Levels you're gonna love Prison break. These levels are very challanging, there are bosses on every level and enough secret entrances to make you dizzy. Each level has its own theme, some of them are ridden with traps and dead ends, a couple have very little medicine and food to work with, making the odds against you even higher. But not to worry, all levels were constructed with the player in mind and all of them are beatable. So turn off the radio, lock your door and prepare for hours of heartpounding excitment. Have a Blast !!Note : These levels have been constructed with some 3rd encounter items so I'm not sure they'll work with the 2nd encounter.Floor One Tips1-1 : A good starter level. Contains two bosses but only one you have to kill. Its on the short side, you should be able to get past this one pretty quickly.1-2 : A big level, alot of bad guys, alot of items, just enough ammo to keep you going. This one has 253 items in it, supposedly the limit is only 200 and any level exceeding this amount may have "strange effects". I was cautious at first but this level seems to run fine, no problems at all.1-3 : A short level. The big thing that defines this level is that it has two bosses in one room. Don't worry, there is plenty of ammo and medicine and plenty of room to manuver. Don't let the two bosses get you nervous, this is probably one of the eaisest levels in Prison Break. Still, be careful and don't let yourself get sandwiched or you're history.1-4 : Probably the toughest level on the first floor or at least tied with 1-2. This one has alot of dead-ends and very little medicine or food. What you see in this first room is all the healing stuff you're gonna get so use it wisely.1-5 : This level was fun to create. It has two very long corridors, one leads to the exit the other leads to a dead end. It isn't too tough, the hardest part of this level is getting the keys and by now that should be routine anyway.Floor Two TipsI'll let you figure these out on your own. Hitler is waiting for you on 2-5, if you can make it that far...    Good Luck!!