LEGAL NOTICE
------------

This software remains the copyright of Graphic Termites (Peter Smith)

Please note that this version (v1.00) of the software is a kind of Beta
test. If it eats your hard disc, or in some way, trashes your system, 
don't come running to me!

This version was written without using the PRMs (They'll be delivered 
anytime now) This means that the program is one huge kludge (In my
opinion). All my WIMP skills have been obtained by watching how other
programmers work.


This software is classed as Freeware.
------------------------------------- 

This means that the software can be copied around, as long as you make no 
profit from it, and as long as you keep all files with it unaltered (with 
the exception of the sprite files, configuration file, and the messages 
file that describes all objects). Only a nominal charge can be made by PD
libraries for copying. If any PD libraries are interested in distibuting
this software, please contact me (I'll be amazed if you want to!)


Disclaimer
----------
ˆ€
This program is supplied "as is"; no warranty, express or implied, of the 
readability, or indeed understandability of the code or its fitness for any
particular purpose is given.  In no circumstances shall the providers or 
author of this program be liable for any damage, loss of profits,loss of 
sleep, loss of appetite, loss of€mental or bodily functions, or any
indirect or consequential loss arising out of the use of this program 
or inability to use this program.
€ 
€

CONTACTING THE AUTHOR
---------------------

If you want to contact me for the following reasons : Comments, Money,  
Suggestions, Bugs, Money, you can contact me at :

        EMail
        
        I have 2 addresses. One Uni address, and one department address
        The departmental address will be valid until June 1995. After
        that, use the uni address

        Between Oct 94 and June 95 : ug3019@sees.bangor.ac.uk  , Department
        Between Oct 94 and June 96 : eeu182@clss1.bangor.ac.uk , Uni
        
        Snail Mail
        
        Term Time : 205 Caernarfon Rd, Bangor, Gwynedd, LL57 4LW
        until June 1996
        
        Any Time  : Lyndene, Upper Garth, Llangollen, Clwyd , LL20 7YL
        
        
If you do contact me, give me a full description of your system, and when
and how any bugs (=features) appear.       

** PLEASE **
============

If you find any bugs, tell me. It's the only way I can improve the program


Thanks are due to..
-------------------

Eddie Edwards
	For converting Wolf in the first place, and (possibly) something a
	little better!
	
Chris Cowdery
	For throwing himself headlong into this program, and finding out where
	all the silly bugs were!	

        