WHAT THIS PROGRAM WILL AND WON'T DO
-----------------------------------

This program will : Edit and Patch the Wolfenstein ASWAP data file, enabling you
to change any of the graphics or sounds in Wolfenstein.

This program will NOT : Create or Edit the Wolfenstein map files. I will be 
starting on a program to do this once I receive the format of the map files from
Eddie Edwards

If you have any comments, suggestions or bugs (That my alpha tester hasn't found
), please contact me at the addresses shown at the end of the Docs.Legal file
        


INSTRUCTIONS FOR USE
--------------------

Before you start, you must really make a backup of your original AWAP file.
It makes life a lot easier in the long run!

Naturally, you double click the !WolfEd icon in the filer window, and
everying  being okay, the icon should appear on the icon bar.

If you look at the iconbar menu, you will see 3 of the options are greyed
out.  You will need an ASWAP file to continue.

Double click on the ASWAP file, and the 3 options should not be greyed. Here is
a description of what all of these options are.



CHOICES
-------

This window lets you set up the program.

 The way that the program works is to read the ASWAP file, and store the data 
somewhere. The top selection of buttons (Storage)  refers to where the data is
cached to. It's a personal thing as to where you put it. 

If you want the system slightly faster, you can use RAMFS (Naturally, you
need  a RamDisc open FIRST. It's up to you, the program just assumes you have
a RamDisc), The Scrap directory, or the !WolfEd directory itself.

The second set of buttons (Display) is used to speed up the scrolling through 
of sprites. If you have "Always" set, then when you click on an arrow, the
sprite and description is redrawn. If "Only..." is set, then when you click
on an arrow, then only the description is changed. This is useful if you want
to zip through the list.


CONTROL
-------

This window can be obtained by clicking Select on the !WolfEd icon.

This is the main control window of the whole program.

The top writeable icon is the file spec of the "Source" ASWAP file. This is the
file that the program takes all the data from. To give a "Source" name, double 
click the ASWAP file (In the Wolfenstein directory, under Originals.ASWAP), or
type in the file spec.

The 2nd is the file spec of the "Destination" ASWAP file. This is the file that
the program will construct. To give a "Destination" name, type it in, or press
middle button over the window. This brings up a menu, then a Save window. Drag
the file to the appropriate directory. 

**WARNING** DO NOT DRAG IT INTO THE ORIGINALS DIRECTORY, (UNLESS YOU HAVE A 
BACKUP). IF YOU DO, IT WILL QUERY THE ACTION. IF YOU CLICK ON "OK" IT WILL
THEN DELETE THE FILE

The "Create ASWAP" icon initiates the construction of the "Destination" file.
This will build a new file, including any files that you have give it (See
WALLS, OBJECTS and SOUNDS).

NOTE : Save ASWAP from the quick menu (see below) is different to the save from
the this window. The one from the quick window uses the directory as a source.
The one from the this window uses any files that have been dragged to the wall,
object or sound windows.


The "Quick Window" icon opens up a window which is useful for large scale import
or export of data from the ASWAP file. (See below)

The "Single Task" icon, when clicked, switches into a Monotasking mode. This
means that the ASWAP file is created quite a bit quicker than in multitasking
mode. Press any key to return to multitasking mode, while in monotasking mode.

The "Pause" and "Continue" icons. Guess what they do!

The "Stop" icon will stop the creation of the new ASWAP, and close all relevant
files.

 

QUICK WINDOW
------------

This window can also be opened by clicking adjust on the !WolfEd icon on the
icon bar.

This window is split up into 2 main parts.

The top part is the export window. It contains a draggable directory icon,and 
two writeable icons. Drag the directory icon to a filer window where you want to
save the data from the ASWAP file. You then type in the range of the data.
Currently :

    Walls are from 0 to 105, Objects 106 to 541, Sounds 542 to 587.
    
eg, if you want to save all the walls, you would put 0 into the top box, and 
105 into the bottom box, and so on.

To actually extract the data (called resources in the window), click "Extract".
The format of the resulting directory structure is shown below.

The other section of the window, is the "Quick ASWAP creation"

If, for example, you have 50 sprites which you want patched into an ASWAP file,
it would take a long time to do it by hand, so what you do is: create the 
correct directory structure (see below), and name all the sprite files
correctly, and then drag the directory containing them all onto the arrow.

When you press "Make ASWAP", the program will scan the directory that you
specified, looking for the correctly named files. If it comes across one, it
will patch it into the resulting ASWAP file. If it can't find the file, then it
will just copy the original out of the source ASWAP. 

The format of the directory is as follows :

"ResDir" means the name of the directory that you have chosen as input or output
directory.


ResDir----Objects-----------SubObjt0------Ojb00
        |               |               |
        |               |               |..
        |               |               |
        |               |               |-Obj76
        |               |
        |               |...........
        |               |
        |               |
        |               |
        |               |---SubObjt5------Obj??
        |                               |
        |                               .....
        |                               |
        |                               |.Obj??
        |
        |-Sounds-----------SubSound0------Sound00
        |                               |
        |                               |..
        |                               |
        |                               |-Sound45
        |
        |
        |-Walls------------SubWall0-------Wall00
                        |               |
                        |               |..
                        |               |
                        |               |-Wall76
                        |
                        |
                        |--SubWall1-------Wall77
                                        |
                                        |..
                                        |
                                        |-Wall105
                                        
The name of the walls has to be Wall??. The first 0-76 are in subwall0, the 77
to 105 are in subwall1. The objects have to be Obj???. The first 000-076 are in
subobjt0, the next group of 77 are in subobjt1 and so on. The files HAVE to be
in the correct directories, otherwise, they won't get detected.                                 
 Create a directory with just a couple of resources in, to get the idea of the
structure. If you use the list of descriptions given in the file SprMsg inside
the WolfEd directory, it is possible to reconstruct an entire aswap in one go.

NOTE : Save ASWAP from the quick menu is different to the save from the
"Control" window. The one from the quick window uses the directory as a source.
The one from the control window uses any files that have been dragged to the
wall, object or sound windows.



WALLS
-----

This window shows the different walls in the game. You can step through them by
using the arrows in the window, or by typing in the number of the wall you 
want, by pressing return while the caret is in the window, or by clicking "View
Sprite".

When you click the arrows, the sprite might or might not update (depending upon 
the current choices)

To incorporate a new wall sprite, you just drag the sprite FROM A FILER WINDOW
onto the sprite in the window. The sprite file must have only one mode 28 (8bpp)
64 * 64 sprite, with or without a mask. If the sprite isn't correct, then the
program will inform you. If it has more than 1 sprite in the file, it will only
use the first. If it has a mask, it may be displayed incorrectly in the Walls
window. It should work properly in the game though.

To save a sprite, you press middle button over the window. This will open up a 
save window. You can then drag the sprite to a filer window.

NOTE. This program doesn't support RAM transfer, due to the large numbers and 
volumes of files produced.



OBJECTS
-----

This window shows the different objects in the game. You can step through them 
by using the arrows in the window, or by typing in the number of the object you want, 
by pressing return while the caret is in the window, or by clicking "View Sprite".

When you click the arrows, the sprite might or might not update (depending upon the 
current choices)

To incorporate a new object  sprite, you just drag the sprite FROM A FILER 
WINDOW onto the sprite in the window. The sprite file must have only one mode 28 
(8bpp) 64 * 64 sprite, with a mask . If the sprite isn't correct, then the 
program will inform you. If it has more than 1 sprite in the file, it will only use 
the first.

To save a sprite, you press middle button over the window. This will open up a 
save window. You can then drag the sprite to a filer window.

NOTE. This program doesn't support RAM transfer, due to the large numbers and 
volumes of files produced.



SOUNDS
------

This window gives you access to the sounds inside the game. Use the arrows to 
find the sound that you are looking for, or alternatively, type the number into 
the writeable icon.

To listen to the sound press return, or click "Hear"

To incorporate a sound, you just drag the file FROM A FILER WINDOW onto the 
window. The sound file must have its type set to &631. This is a logarithmic 
format. The sound must be normalised to 6.5KHz, ie if played back at 6.5kHz, it 
sounds correct. This program won't do this, but there are many out there
that will.

To save a sound, you press middle button over the window. This will open up a 
save window. You can then drag the sound file to a filer window.

NOTE. This program doesn't support RAM transfer, due to the large numbers and 
volumes of files produced.


GENERAL NOTES ABOUT USE
-----------------------

When creating an ASWAP, all other file activity for the program should be
stopped. In order to do this, I have disabled the dragging of files to any of
the windows, and stopped the recognition of a double click on an ASWAP file.
Also stopped is the saving of resources from the windows.

If, when using a Risc PC, and you kill the program with an AltBreak, when file
accessing is going on, there is a high possibility that a file will be left
over. This may cause a problem when the program is next run, or when !Wolf is
run.