YYR'S WOLFENSTEIN CREATIONS-----Thanks for downloading one of my Wolf3d creations.  Wolf3d may be outdated, but with new levels, it NEVER gets old!These levels were created a while back.  While the original documentation is included for retro/amusement purposes, some of it is no longer accurate.  Ignore any and all references to:1) Send me money.2) Send WolfAddict (which no longer exists) money.3) Install these levels using WolfEdit/These levels require WolfEdit. (RTW, Breakthrough)4) The Wolf projects I'm "working on in the future" (Alien Takeover, which sadly never became reality), the DOOM levels I never did, the Marathon levels I never did, the PC RPG I never did, etc.  Oh well.5) Shareware versions.  They no longer exist.6) Support for Barneystein in 1st and 2nd Encounter.  This has been dropped.  (If enough 2nd Encounter people e-mail me about Barneystein I will support it.  The levels themselves should work with WolfFKEY, but there is no sound patch.)These levels DON'T require WolfEdit.  They DON'T require WolfEdit.  They DON'T.  Period.  I am not responsible for damage to your Wolf3d application if you try to install these levels with WolfEdit.  I am also not responsible if you send money.  But if you really WANT to send your money... :)INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS FOR ALL LEVELS:-----If you're using Third Encounter or the commercial version of Wolfenstein:1) Drop the included level files into your "Levels" folder, in the Wolf3d folder.2) Start Wolf3d.3) Pick the scenario you want to play from the list.If you're using Second Encounter or First Encounter (RTW, Breakthrough Enhanced and Barneystein do not run under 1st Encounter!):1) Install the WolfFKEY in your Wolf3d application, if you haven't already (read the Read Me file first!!).2) Start Wolf3d.3) Activate the WolfFKEY (the Read Me tells you how) and then find and select the scenario file you want to play.4) Start the game.-----NOTES-----In the RTW documentation (and probably a few other places I'm forgetting), I ask that you send me Wolfenstein levels if you want me to critique them.  While I'm not taking the offer back, I should point out that I may not have time to look at them :(If you have any problems running these levels (they were all tested with all versions of Wolf3d, so you shouldn't), you can contact me and I'll help.  But I am officially finished with Wolf3d development.  That's all.Aaron Teplitskyyyr57695@aol.comyyr57695@core.binghamton.edujhg@mindless.com