Borgenstein Demoby Michael J. Hunter  (3 levels for the 2nd Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 2nd Encounter, and was made by Michael J. Hunter, one of the greatest Wolfenstein add-on creators of the past. It is very difficult to find scenarios by these first generation authors these days because all the veterans have long but left the scene. Although M.J. Hunter had his webpage up until 2000, his scenarios are also very hard to find now because he didn't keep his creations uploaded to the site. Borgenstein Demo was the only scenario downloadable at the site.The co-founder of the Wolfenmac Club at Yahoo!, Slayer (Ben Sims), once told me that he had taken contact with M.J. Hunter and asked how to get the full version of Borgenstein. He said M.J.'s answer was that it wasn't finished and that it wasn't worth getting. For this reason, and considering that M.J. has left the scene, I guess this Demo version is the only version available for Borgenstein.I hardly know anything about this author besides the fact that he was a member of the renown (or infamous) WolfAddict Software and that he has created "Barren Realms Revisited", "Come and Get It!", "Die Geringste Aussicht", "48 Hours", "Hitler's Hell", "Hunter's Levels", "LuCky", "Row", "The Doctor is In", "The Gallery", "Three Crowns" and "Waffenfabrik". (The ones in red are ones that I don't have yet...)If you know of any other scenario by M.J.Hunter or own any of the scenarios that I have written in RED, please drop me a line at : clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jpCopyrightsSince this is not my creation, and since the author writes nothing about it, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario. At least give the author credit if you do something with it. In any case, you should contact the author (if you could) for any specific instructions. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS