A Graduation Ceremonyby Tomohisa Kishihata(7 levels for the 1st Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 3rd Encounter, and was made by Tomohisa Kishihata, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(translation by Clubey)The story starts from a military training center for special agents. There, gathered the new generation of fine young men, filled with commitment to fight those who jeopardize world peace and aspiring to become the next William J. "B.J." Blazkowicz. You are one of these fine cadets who has survived and are about to finish the harsh trainings of the center, waiting to jump into the world of real, endless combat. In your last days, when thoughts of vocation and anxiety intermingle in your mind, you are summoned by your training commander, "B.J.". Still puzzled by his sudden summoning, you hear him say:"Your graduation is near. Your achievements in this training center have been excellent, and I personally hold high expectations on you. However, bona-fide combat is nothing near simulation. I believe the only thing you lack is real experience. Therefore, I have a proposal for you. We have caught information that though in a very small scale, those bastards have started their hideous acts again. It would be easy if I went there to demolish them, but this time, I want you to go instead. However, this is not within the official training curriculum and is a top secret operation. Therefore, there will be no aid on your side, and if you do not make it, there will not be a rescue operation. Of course, you have the right not to receive this mission. What do you say, cadet?"After a moment of brief silence, you answer,"I'll do it, sir!"You feel an chilly shudder running down your back....CopyrightsThe author states that this scenario and the icons he has made can be freely distributed as long as they are not modified and are for non-commercial use. In cases of modification and commercial usage, prior permission from the author in written status is required. In other cases, please give proper credit to the original author.Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS