The Tears of DollyPart 1 of "The Ambition of the Forth Reich Nazis"by Masahiro Iwakura (Mackie)(10 levels for the 3rd Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 3rd Encounter, and was made by Masahiro Iwakura, a Japanese author of the past. It is very difficult to find Japanese scenarios these days because all the veteran authors have long but left the scene. But still, some are available to the public. This is one such scenario. I included this in my website only for the convenience of English speaking Wolfers.The Read Me file is written in Japanese. So, if you can't read Japanese, you might as well not open it. I just put it there in respect of the original authors.The title was also originally Japanese. The translation was done by me, Clubey.Story(translation by Clubey)In spring 1997, following the announcement of the birth of "Dolly" the sheep, the first ever cloning to succeed without using reproductive genital cells, there arose a bulk of varying international controversy concerning whether such technology should be applied to the human race or not.The deepest domains of the Great Amazon jungles were of no exception to this controversy, either....In  spring of 1945, when the bunkers of Berlin saw its collapse, the letters of Eva Braun were not the only things entrusted to Ritter von Greim and Hanna Reitsch, who desperately flew from Hitler's underground headquarters. In his last moments of witnessing the Third Reich fall, Hitler drew on a decision to leave his formative tissue cells behind to the future for the uprise of the coming Fourth Reich!Back to 1997. The leader of the neo-Nazi Party, Axe von Muellen and Dr. Hase, an expert in genital sciences, succeds in an experiment executed in their secret laboratory in South America. They had succeeded in cloning a complete human being from the most terrifying cells, and in its accelerated culturation. Now, the worst nightmare of human history returns!One day in August, 1997, you receive secret commands from the NATO headquarters. You must seek into the fortified Neo-Nazi secret laboratory in South America and shatter their ambitions!CopyrightsThe author states that this scenario and the icons he has made can be freely distributed as long as they are for non-commercial use. In cases of commercial usage, prior permission from the author in written status is required. In other cases, please give proper credit to the original author.Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS