Wolfenstein Restrictedby Blake Zuckerman (31 levels for the 3rd Encounter)Some StuffThese levels are designed for use with the 3rd Encounter, and was made by Blake Zuckerman, a Wolfenstein add-on creator of the past. It is very difficult to find scenarios by these first generation authors these days because all the veterans have long but left the scene. Blake Zuckerman's scenarios are also very hard to find.I hardly know anything about this author besides that he created "Adrenalin", "Adrenalin II", "Hitler's Domain" and "Wolf (Restricted) Demo". I have also seen other scenario names of his like "Adrenaline", but I presume it is the same one as I depicted above. If not, please inform me. There also was a scenario called "Wolfenstein Restricted Demo", but I don't know if these are the same ones or not. Please inform me on this one, too, if anyone has information.Recently, I was honoured by Blake Zuckerman himself coming by my Wolfenmania site. He gave me a lot of inside information concerning WolfAddict Software and sent me two of his still remaining scenarios: "Wolfenstein Restricted" and "Die Sheiskopf!" (though I think the proper German spelling would be "Scheiskopf"). He also told me that the confusions which I depicted in the above paragraph were all due to his wanton spelling. A great guy he was! Thank you again for the communication, Blake!If you know any other scenario by Blake Zuckerman, please drop me a line at :clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jpCopyrightsSince the author told me that I could distribute it on my site as freeware, I presume that if you give proper credit to the author, you're pretty much free to do anything with it. Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS