^P
^C[Green]OPERATION ARTEMIS by Nathan Alsbrooks
^c00
Mission Log: 1832 Hours
Date: April 24, 1949
Location: Chilecito, Argentina
Agent: William 'B.J.' Blazkowicz
Classification: Top Secret
Priority: Code 1 - Urgent 

Special Agent Blazkowicz,

As you know all too well, the free world is just beginning to recover from the deadliest conflict in human history. 
^P
We remember you returned from Wolfenstein a hero, but your country now calls on you again.

Adolf Hitler was presumed dead via suicide when Soviet forces stormed Berlin in 1945. Unfortunately, new troubling intelligence indicates Germany's former leader is very much alive and well.

Colonel Juan Percon of Argentina has discretely advised the CIA of a massive bunker at Sierra de Famatina where Hitler plots new vengeance.
^P
Nazi experiments of the worst kind have continued to this day. The Germans boast a bevy of labor from South America and old riches smuggled through Swiss banks.

We also have reason to believe the Germans are working with Latin American criminal organizations to sell black market cocaine in the United States. Consider these cartels to be enemy combatants.

You must infiltrate this sprawling network of caves, tunnels, dungeons, and buildings. Rid the world of Hitler and henchmen once and for all.
^P
Most importantly, Allied leaders have decreed that Hitler's rat-line escape from Europe must not become public knowledge.

Absolute secrecy dictates we cannot use an army. You must be our army of one. As Artemis was the Greek goddess of the hunt. we wish you happy hunting.  Hitler's finest troops await.

Your airdrop will depart Chilecito within the hour. Gather your supplies, harden your heart, and know that your countrymen are with you always.
^P
Yours Truly,

Harry S. Truman
President of the United States

Alben W. Barkley
Vice President of the United States

Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter
Director of Central Intelligence

James D. Santiago
CIA Handler - South America Division
^P
^C[Green]ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
^c00
Thanks to community members Sam Feichter, Lance Davis, Braden Obrzut and Kakhome 1 for their helpfulness. I also wish to thank the entire Wolfenstein 3D community for the art and resources used to complete this project - please see the credits section that follows.

Operation Artemis is dedicated to my family. I love you and hope you enjoy playing.
^P
^C[Green]CREDITS
^c00
Special Thanks:
AstroCreep
Blzut3
Lance Davis
Kakhome 1
Zombie

Music:
PurplePlanet.com
Chris Martyn 
Geoff Harvey
Patrick de Arteaga

^P
^C[Green]CREDITS
^c00
Graphics:
Areyep
DoomJedi
Justy Zam
Majik Monkee
Terraformer9x

Sound: 
CeeJay
Executor
^E