Hitler watches Law & Orderby Richard Peck (8 levels for the 2nd Encounter)Some StuffThis level is designed for use with the 2nd Encounter, and was made by Richard Peck. He is also the author of the following scenarios :Achtung...Learning Channel, Afgan Crunch, Ashley Judd's big chance, Dodgers vs Hitler, Dragon Poop, Henry Hitler, Himler's Pleasant Experience, Hitler's Broken Volkswagon, Hitler's on TV, Hitler watches Law & Order, Nazi Smatzi, Palm Sunday at the Reich and Stockyard.As of I know, he is one of the few active scenario creators of Mac Wolf. His scenarios are quite solid and good, but he never makes them public on the net (or at least I couldn't find anyplace to download them). I just happened to receive two of his scenarios directly through email. That was the beginning of our acquaintance. I so dearly hope everyone who plays this scenario or any other of his to send feedback to the author. Please remember, your mail could be the one to persuade and encourage the author to go on releasing new scenarios in the future!!This scenario has two characteristics that you should know before playing it.1) It has so little ammo and so little health, you'd better be careful. 2) Some of the levels and rooms within them way surpasses the number limit of objects and guards. This sometimes calls for strange things to occur. Jambimg the doors only make matters worse, so I strongly recommend that you do not do so. If anyone has any of this author's scenarios other than the ones above, please contact me at : clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jpCopyrightsSince this is not my creation, and since the author writes nothing about it, I have no idea whatsoever concerning the rights of this scenario. In any case, you should contact the author for any specific instructions, but since I am not authorised to do so, I can't give you his email. Dropping a line at the WolfenMac Club at Yahoo! (http://clubs.yahoo.com/clubs/wolfenmac) might be the best way to contact him. He sometimes drops by. Otherwise, send mail to me, instead. I will immediately pass the note to the author!Do anything at your own risk!!Well, hope you enjoy this!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp------------------------------------------------------------------Appendix : Creator / File TypeTo play scenarios with the 1st and 2nd Encounter change the creator/type to:W3dE/W3dLTo play scenarios with Greg Ewing's splendid 4th Encounter (2nd Encounter installed) change creator/type to:W3E2/W3L2To play scenarios with the 3rd Encounter or the Commercial version change creator/type to:WOLF/MAPS