Clubey's Guide to Download the Full Versions of his ScenariosDecember 5th, 2002IntroductionThe following documentation consists of three parts.1) How to download full versions of my scenarios2) Some tips on playing "The Spear of Longinus"3) Stuff concerning distributionDue to the nature of this document, it will be updated every time a new full version is ready for distribution. The Download Instructionsa) In the Wolves' Lair---> Go to the first page of the scenario's section at my site and click on the "clubey" logo banner at the bottomb) Why Kids Go Bad!---> Go to its webpage and find "Clubey", the yellow creature, and click on the "dead Clubey" graphic to your right.c) The Spear of Longinus---> Go to the characters and stuff page and find a banner saying "Pierce Thy Evil" near the bottom. Click on it.If you find difficulty in finding these hidden links, contact me, I'd surely be willing to help.Some Tips on Playing "The Spear of Longinus"In its last two levels, the SoL scenario has many tricks you must solve before you can proceed. Looking at the scenario file with WolfEdit 2 can reveal much of the secrets, but if you have trouble, call on me. I'll tell you how they work. Here, I'll only give you clues.a) Every message in the game has a meaning.b) The last level has multiple endings (or, you can't end until you select the right direction).c) To even start the last level, you must know about a secret feature in the game.Concerning the third clue, this feature was discovered by Dermuda, and he calls it the "Wolfenstein Egg". In other words, sometimes a single mouse can be more of an ally than whole prides of lions!Some Stuff Concerning DistributionPlease abide by the following rules upon reading this document.1) Please do not distribute this document. This document was meant to be distributed only through the Wolfenmania Plaza at Yahoo! Groups. No other medium of distribution is permitted, wired or static.2) My full version scenarios are "Free-Download-ware". In other words, they are "No-Upload-ware". Once you have learned how to download them, you're free to use them. However, uploading it to another website, ftp site, Hotline, Carracho or any other type of wired media and their like is strictly forbidden. In cases of static media, such as CDs and floppies, I, the author Clubey, ask for prior permission. If the static media is for personal use, please serve yourself as many times as you wish, as long as you don't give them out to people outside your family (or members of the Wolfenmania Plaza)!Webmaster of "the Wolfenstein Chronicle",Clubeyhttp://www1.linkclub.or.jp/~clubey/clubey@rg7.so-net.ne.jp