RTW "Rules"These "Rules" define the general layout of the trilogy.Levels:EPISODES ONE AND TWO:Levels 1-3 are normal.Level 4 is a "mini-boss" level- that is, you'll fight at least one boss.Levels 5-7 are normal, but expect a boss to show up now and then.Level 8 is THE boss level.  You will fight THE boss(es) and finish the episode here.EPISODE THREE:Levels 1-3 are normal.  Sort of....Levels 4-7 are Party levels.  That is, a member of the Party Of Five will be somewhere on each level.  Their presence is usually hinted by a room with several first aid kits and a door.  Behind that door waits....Level 8, obviously, has the leader of the Party, none other than Hitler himself.  (Hmmm... big surprise there, considering this is Wolfenstein!)Taunts:For those of you who don't already know, a "taunt" is an object or group of objects, such as weapons, health and ammo, that is/are IMPOSSIBLE to get.  What makes them taunt you?  It looks like you CAN get them.  Example: you're down to 2% health.  A floor lamp separates you from 4 first aid kits.  There's a door behind the first aid.  You go around but find nothing, smacking the wall for an hour trying desperately to find a secret passage.  Sounds like a TAUNT!EPISODES ONE AND TWO:There is only ONE taunt in each episode.  Hint: the HUGE ammo dump in 1-5 (I think?) is NOT a taunt; there IS a way to get in there!EPISODE THREE:Taunts are fair game at any time.  And there are plenty of them....Secrets:There will ALWAYS be at least TWO secrets on each level.  Usually the amount is only that low on a boss level or mini-boss level, since they're usually smaller than normal levels.  On normal levels you can expect there to be at least four or five.EVERY SECRET IS HINTED IN SOME WAY!  It might not seem obvious though.  Look for these signs: a ceiling lamp placed somewhere peculiar; a floor object missing against a wall where there are many others; a wall that looks different; a water puddle; something peculiar on the opposite side of the room.  The last one is pretty tricky.  I'll give you an example: in the first hallway on 1-1, locate the two brick sections on the right.  You'd probably guess there's a secret between them... but would you check the same spot on the OTHER side of the hall?GUARANTEE: There will be NO secret that is not hinted in SOME way.  Okay, maybe one...Hints:- You have an Automap.  Press the / key to use it.  It's been there since 2nd Encounter.  If you still didn't realize it was there, I just performed a public service.- Yes, you WILL be fighting three bosses at once.  Just remember- if you have a big open space, make sure you're always at a distance and they won't attack you.  If there's something to hide behind, use it.- Instead of running screaming into hordes of zombies and guards, why not let them come to you?  This won't work with some guards, but zombies fall for it every time.  Wait behind a door and when they open it, fire away.- Another trick: SHOOT into a room before you WALK into it.  This trick will keep zombies, dogs and some guards from surprising you.- Save often, especially in the 3rd Episode, when things get HARD!!  A true master, however, can get through the entire trilogy without saving at all.  (If you've done this, you have too much freetime....)A Word On CheatingIt is VERY easy to cheat when you download levels.  It's wrong, but it's VERY simple.  Type in a couple of letters and you've got full weapons.  Look at the maps with WolfEdit without losing points or weapons.  If you die, simply load back the game you saved 5 seconds before and saved every 10 seconds.Not fair.  No!  Bad!  Bad boy!  That's not being fair!  You wouldn't want to offend the bloodthirsty Nazis, now, would you?I can say that I have cheated in 3d games many times, especially in DOOM.  However, if and when I DO beat the game, I always go back and do it right.  Having finished both the 6-episode PC version of Wolf3d AND 2nd Encounter WITHOUT cheating, I know it's possible to do the same thing with RTW.  (I also know because I test my levels.)  If you cheat, fine!  Be that way!  Have fun.  But be sure to go back once you're through and do it the RIGHT way.  Cheating could mean the difference between hours of fun and minutes of fun.FeedbackI want to know what you think of RTW.  I am very enthusiastic as this is my first time making REAL levels.  I happen to think the quality of mine exceeds that of any others you can find online, from a PLAYER's point of view.  Tell me what YOU think.AOL: YYR57695'Net: yyr57695@aol.com