RETURN TO WOLFENSTEIN, EPISODE TWO: TOP SECRET PLANSWell, here's Episode Two of RTW.  I just got finished testing the very last level, which is kinda hard.  Fighting 3 Hans Grosse replicas at once in a small room isn't easy... but it IS possible to do.  And while we're on the subject of near-impossibility, let's talk about Level 7!  It's basically a gigantic maze that covers the entire level.  You thought the teeny-weeny mazes in E1 were good?  Well, we've got a surprise for you!THE STORY (so far)After thrashing an arena full of nasty Nazis, you rush to the elevator, still rich and in one piece.  In case you missed the last part, B.J. was captured after refusing to pay $25 for Wolfenstein 3D: Third Encounter.  The Nazis are trying to beat the money out of him...Anyway, you rush to the ninth floor, the top of the Nazi prison.  There is only one guard there- and he's unarmed.  You tackle him, whip out your bazooka and before you can threaten his sorry little ass he suddenly shrieks, "THE TOP SECRET PLANS ARE IN THE TOWER OF WEINERSCHNITZEL!  PLEASE DON'T KILL ME!"With that, the guard gets up and jumps off of the balcony in the next room.  He plummets to his death.  (A squishy one, I might add....)  "Top secret plans," you mutter.  Perhaps you should take a look.You find and enter the first room of Weinerschnitzel Tower.  Suddenly a metal plate slides into the wall behind you, sealing you inside.  There's no turning back now; just you, your gun, eight floors and a whole load of Nazis.....-----------------TO INSTALL RTW EPISODE 2:1. Launch WolfEdit and open the file called "RTW Episode Two."2. Choose Install from the File Menu.3. Open a COPY of your Wolf3d 2nd Enc. program.  Repeat: a COPY, for your original levels will be overwritten and you might want to keep them. (Nah......)4. Quit WolfEdit and launch Wolf3d!------------------MAYBEWARE FEEOkay, so maybe I'm starting to sound like a broken record.  But consider this: RTW is NOT shareware.  No, sir.  Of COURSE not.  It's Maybeware, and here's how it works:  play it.  Enjoy it.  Beat it.  Find the stuff you missed.  Have fun.  THEN: If you think the levels were well-made, and that the game was a good waste of time, MAYBE send in a SMALL fee.  How small?  5 bucks.  That's pretty good considering that 2nd Encounter was $15 for 30 levels.  That's 50 cents per level.  I am asking 5 bucks.... and not just for RTW Episode 2, I mean for ALL of RTW!!!  24 levels, in fact!  That's about 21 cents per level... not even what you'd pay to play Mortal Kombat 3.  Pretty reasonable, huh?  And when you DO send your measly sum, you'll get these BONUSES:-> Be the FIRST to own Episode 3 if it hasn't been released yet.  It'll be e-mailed to you as SOON as your payment is received... others may have to wait WEEKS!-> Get 3 Mini-Episodes free, each with 3 REALLY HARD levels!!  That's like another episode FREE!  (or 15 cents per level!)-> Be forever blessed by the god of Spam!Oh, sure, Wolf3d was good... but RTW makes it even BETTER!  Order today.... use the included order form!!AJTTHANK YOUIf you already sent your money over, thanks.  If you didn't, here is one worthy cause you'll be contributing to: The "Register My OWN Shareware" Fund. I have enough shareware that I could start my own BBS.... and I haven't paid for any of it.  Some of my programs are starting to threaten to erase my hard drive, dial up the CIA or even break my thumbs.  I HAVE to start paying for it!Oh, and remember, not only will you be contributing to America's youth, you'll also get 9 additional levels, FREE. 